Topic Summary


Topic: General

Total number of questions: 13445

Total No of tokens  in this Topic  in this Topic : 319208
Total No of tokens  in this Topic  in summary :27833
Summary: as a human rights advocate and lesbian, i want to know, when is it ok to state your opinions on an issue? i have 2.6 years of it experience. i left my job 1.5 years back due to some family issues. what is the possibility for women to get a job in it after 1.5 years gap?

a b.e. in electrical & electronics working as a field service engineer in siemens ltd . i want to take up a major in philosophy, history or english, but i don't want to work in it field . university of toledo has a bachelors degree in biology .

henry ford was a big believer in creating a self generating/ increasing marketplace . even lifting a thing of the same weight is very difficult . ford's view on price, labor costs and materials inflation based on prior statement .

i am 25 years old and i have 2.8 years experience as a mobile game designer and project coordinator . when a good player like tom brady throws a pass, the long axis of the ball tips during the ball's flight . i want to stay celibate for the rest of my life though not for any religious reasons .

i am a 25-year-old girl and still single. i'm a little bit worried that i will be single my whole life . should i take blind dates and choose one to marry, even if it may need sacrifices? i was disgusted by the overly orientation towards engineering .

i am a 2014 medical graduate from india . i want to build an application for feature phones (like the old nokia 1200) in developing countries . my girlfriend's sister is always mean to me in front of her gf .

cnn's john sutter is a 39-year-old single mom from missouri . she is underpaid and has received an offer from a competing firm for 30% more . her ex has accused her of having narcissistic personality disorder and borderline pd .

cnn's nina dos santos was a victim of an armed robbery and couldn't afford to replace it . she says she can't control her mind and is afraid she may have mental problems . dos not have a uan mapped to her pf account yet, but can a hybrid app store login credentials .

indian married female with a b.tech in ece wants to switch to a non-technical role . she asked her sisters to join a degree (bscit) which provides lots of free time . but this seems to backfire, she asks: what should i do?

i've begun studying what investors look for in a startup . we may raise red flags by not having a programmer as a founder . i feel like my thoughts are so loud that the people around me can hear them .

a 16-year-old boy has just announced that his girlfriend is pregnant . jossa will not fill the seats left by students after getting better options . how do architects, contractors and landscape designers source suppliers and their products .

i'm a student of the iits and my dream is to become a maths faculty member in iit jee coaching . i find many conceptual errors in questions and answer keys for jee mock-up tests . it is hard to find good place if you do not exact name of the place .

i'm a 3rd year mechanical engineering student . i want to join an iit or iisc for my ms. is this possible? if you are a good listener, you will find that everyone has his own opinions .

i'm in my 1st year of a b.tech mechanical engineering and i want to be part of robocon team . i have purchased a galaxy s6 in india through amazon, which has pre-installed africa-specific apps . what are some of the best ways to learn how to express and articulate yourself clearly?

ramayan," as it took place somewhere around 5110 bc according to the latest findings? can a cheque book be printed with both the names of the account holders or will different cheque books be given for both the individuals? is it possible for a barcode scanner app to scan a sports ticket and recognize what the game is for?

cnn's nina dos santos asks if there should be a change in the flag to accommodate the initial logic . she says her wife looks at other men when she's around, and it strikes her as disrespectful . if no one had ever died, what would be the human population today? do you have a good pdf rendering library?

dopt has decided to set up an expert committee for changes in the csat eligibility pattern . what is it like to be in your 30s or 40s as an american spending about half of the year in a colder climate . is the ll.m. program as rigorous? if yes, how do you go about studying?

27-year-old is a junior cs major looking for internships in software engineering . he has smoked weed 3 times this week and has a surprise drug test in coming 2 weeks . can i retake ielts to get 8-band score, instead of 7-band what i have currently?

a good friend of yours has been taking out his father's two wheeler without permission . shri atal bihari vajpayee is one of the best prime ministers of india . do you think he deserves the bharat ratna that was awarded to him?

i'm a design student working on a project of designing door lock and key for visually impaired people . if i restore my phone and re-download the wynk app, will information about my downloaded tracks be preserved with airtel? what is a job with at least a 60k annual salary, at least 1 month for vacation, and less than 7 years studying?

tim ferris claims to have more than doubled his dead lift with barry ross' "lift only 4 inches off the ground" he has a marijuana drug test today. last time he smoked was a week ago where he did 3 hits .

i'm a 19 year old who sacrificed his love for cricket in order to crack jee . i have a marijuana drug test today. last time i smoked was a week ago where i did 3 hits . when i try to open the system settings on my across tablet, i get an "unfortunately, settings has stopped" response .

sufi saint khwaja moinuddin chishti of ajmer played a prominent role in defeat of prithvi raj chauhan . i have been called to an interview for an ms in applied mechanics by iit madras . what are the best places in and around bangalore to have real fun in 3 weekends?

i want to become an automobile designer, but i am studying from a local college . i have watched a lot of scary movies but never seem to get scared . what are some good scary/horror movies i should watch?

how much fluoride is absorbed into your bloodstream when you brush your teeth? mobile advertising does each device have an unique idfa . in singapore, residents have an identification number and card (yes, very big brother)

in the us, our history books tell us we invented almost everything . do other countries recognize the us as inventing the car, light bulb, phone, computer, refrigerator, plane, steam engine, and the internet? in india, people are judged by results and not by their knowledge .

cnn's nina dos santos has a bachelor's degree with 128 credit hours . she wants to start a pool site restaurant in udaipur, rajasthan . do you know of any open source examples that implement those tricks?

i am a phd research scholar in the department of chemical engineering . i want to do part of my research work from university of pennsylvania . what is the best way to add that code into jsx?

how can a national minimum wage raise the quality of morale and output of minimum wage workers? thomas edison: "tomorrow is my exam but i don't care because a single sheet of paper can't decide my future" does the fact that a person is nearly 30 and never had a job a bad thing to potential employers?

do funeral directors have their own storage facilities? do they have rules about the maximum number of bodies each director is able to store? a bird doesn't meet the definition of a mammal, so is it really in a class by itself?

cnn's kat kinsman is a 23-year-old computer science student . she wants to be accepted into the top 10 universities in the world . her boyfriend's ex-wife has been nothing but horrible towards her since he got with her .

if someone kicks me out of their home suddenly, what is my legal right to go in to retrieve my belongings? if we don't have our registered mobile with us or our service is disconnected? i want a us phone number to be used in india. i have an h1b visa. can i start a business online that includes a website and youtube?

i'm 37 years old, athletic but with a bad lower back . my goal is to establish a fun family activity for years to come . people follow the rules to make their lives better knowing that they are safe .

a young girl is married to an old guy in arab land . does that mean he is following the muhammad way of life? how essential is it for ux professional to draw ui?

indian railways, most of the platforms are much below the train level . in a pick 4 game, you pay $1 to select a sequence of four digits, from a random number . if you can't find a train station, you'll have to pay child support .

tom clancy's novel the hunt for red october mentions the existence of red route 1 . he has a predator as a pet since it was born . is it realistic to hold out hope for a long-distance relationship in which we've never met in person?

a physics graduate from india is working on a tool provided by pega . he says he enjoys performing oral sex on his girlfriend, but she gets wet too quickly . "i have very low self-esteem because of you," he tells me .

child labour is prohibited in india according to indian constituency article 24 . does that mean the children working in bollywood and dramas are not doing labour . if threshold  learning rate, does the exact value of threshold matter?

i'm 25 and majoring in industrial engineering in grad school . peer pressure and expectations from my family in india are the only things keeping me here . i want to construct a 6 ft tall wall with a 9 inch width .

japanese agri-technologist wants to join acm-icpc in a master's program . he says he can't log in to his instagram account, but i can on my computer's web browser . in football, is it legal to create a deadlock situation in which players from one team make a circle (without any gap) in the ball?

indians are crying foul over the prices of onions . in bhagavad gita 18th chapter, lord krishna says "arjuna is his dearest friend" guy pearce was cast as peter weyland in prometheus . is it feasible to prepare humanity for true democracy?

do you think donald trump would be able to restore relations with putin and russia? i opened a practice account on trading 212 and tripled my money within the first week . i am a 43-year-old married, attractive woman who has an extramarital affair .

i haven't pooped (or taken a bowel movement or something) for 2 days straight . i want to make an r/c car model in which whenever the car approaches an obstacle in-front of it automatically applies brakes . do you think you will likely change your management style in the future? why or why not?

the creators of prison break are coming up with a new series next year . michael scofild will be in the lead role with lincoln burrows .

cnn's nina dos santos is preparing for upsc-ias in india . she wants to be a professional stylist and wants to learn more about fashion . does netflix pay upwards of 400k for individual contributor engineers? doe is a student of class 9, vietnamese .

swami vivekananda preaches to take up one idea and make that one idea your life . i want to pursue a master's in computer science at a university at the same level as stanford . how is the availability of employment opportunities in dsp?

i don't wanna fail its gonna be on my crd? i believe that corn was domesticated in the new world, and could not have been grown in the mediterranean or europe until 1500 . i'm a 5 letter word. if you remove my 1st letter, you'll find me above you .

a man was murdered in his office. what are the career options for me in india apart from mbbs? i will sacrifice myself for a person i hate or have never met before in situations. i am presently class 12th student (cbse) with biology stream .

newly developed ports in pakistan and sri lanka by beijing will pose strategic concerns for india . arizona state university, university of texas at dallas, northeastern university, syracuse university and suny buffalo are worth applying .

there are 8 balls. 7 of them weigh the same. 1 of them has a different weight, (you don't know if it's heavier or lighter) in the original version of "i really like you", carly says "i gotta tell you something- i'm pregnant" in the latest version, this has been censored .

"free the nipple" is a movement that would allow women to show their nips publicly and in media without it being a crime . miley cyrus wants to become a software developer . if i start my career as technical support or help desk in an it company, will have to have a technical knowledge .

i've started getting a strange thing: when i stand up from sitting down or getting out of bed, my vision goes black and i get a sudden headache for about 2 minutes . is working on only "one thing" at a time the success mantra for entrepreneurs? i don't have any savings, i only have an apartment worth 30 lakhs .

windows 10 appears to be a microsoft spy system masquerading as an os . can a business that uses it sue microsoft for industrial espionage? i am 24 year jobless boy who graduated in it but has done no good in life . i want to get a good job in the us. how should i go about it?

after nuclear deal there are a lot of opportunities going to start in iran . why has justin timberlake's solo career been so successful when many other boy band lead singers didn't make it? how much of it was justin's management team and branding?

post graduate diploma in big data analytics (pgdbda) from c-dac is a good option for those who want to make a career in data science . if today is the last day of your life, would you want to do what you were about to do today?

the ies is one of the most difficult exams in the world . the toppers get half of the total marks in the exam . e & j gallo distributes to many states .

do we have any data about the physiological change of enlightened and awakened people other than the fact they have different brain waves? if i call someone on my iphone and they don't answer, does that mean they saw the call but ignored it?

i am an undergraduate student studying chemical engineering with a year in industry . i'm keenly interested in research in astrophysics . do i opt for a startup of my own or go for higher studies in my domain?

vlsi is confused between reduction of on-chip jitter and physically unclonable functions . what are some good ways for an undocumented teen in the usa to minimize the chances of deportation?

i'm a 12 year old boy, and i want to convince any girl between 18-42 to have sex with me . if you see a hobo on the street and a woman that will sleep with you for 1$, would yoh give it to the woman? i have a bad acid regurgitation one night. i woke up having a bitter taste in my mouth and my throat coupled with

i'm a 12 year old boy, and i want to convince any girl between 18-42 to have sex with me (no anal) i am a fast learner. i have a bitter taste in my mouth and my throat coupled with severe breathlessness. why do people stick themselves in jobs they don't like and offices they despise?

i am a 27-year-old mechanical engineer looking for a career change . i have addiction towards learning linux, but have been in love for 3 years . can i get a job at a company like oracle dba?

can a british citizen work for free in the us if he doesn’t have a visa from his employer? or do you need to apply for a prior visa? if you have an indian passport with a valid us visa, you can travel to the u.s.

i'm 33, and working as a software architect . i want to make a survival kit that is compact, light, long-term, made for someone with minimal survival training, and able to be carried around in a large backpack .

ray dalio in his economic machine paper writes that supply and demand are measured in quantity and price is described as changing via velocity . i have noticed marble flooring doesn't heat up easily, even on a hot day or when exposed to direct sunlight . at 42 years old i need to make a career change .

british data scientist, 24, has 151 marks in cgl pre, in case if i get 320+ marks in mains so there would be any chance of intrw post for me in 2016 . if you spend 3 hours a day acquiring a skill, how many days will you spend acquiring it?

the bible says that if you give a man a fish, he will eat today, but teach him to fish and he'll eat forever . in the uk im legal to smoke, however in japan id be underage . i would like to do ph. d in yoga .

in breaking bad episode 10, did bryan cranston take the fall filmed trying to kill the fly in the lab? did fred flintstone know that every time he orders the brontosaurus ribs that the car is going to tip over in the drive-through?

i'm an entrepreneur looking for mentors to help me with my startup business . i smoked pot 3-4 times a day for the first 4 days of july, so i haven't smoked since . how long should one wait to donate blood after he has smoked marijuana?

i want to study in usa and i scored only 60% . i use the xiaomi redmi note 3, which runs on miui . is it bad to get first class (73%) and not a distinction after a 6 year undergraduate program?

the ban on 500 and 1000 rupee notes will bring out the black money of the big shots . i have a name which is the only one in the world and googling it spits out literally everything i've done on the internet! i want to open a new demat account and start stock market trading .

ceo of whatsapp to remove my profile pic because girls are using it to make nude pictures . i'm 30 and a college drop out, and broke. what should i do? i want to run a small scale fresh food catering business from my home .

i'm a 23 year old and i have never been in love . i was fired from my job and my boss didn't give me a reason why he fired me . in future job interviews how should i answer why i left my last job?

i'm 19 and i want to be a multi-millionaire. i have no work experience, no job, no money . why haven't they adopted a similar system to convert coal to oil as south africa did in 1970's and 1980's?

i'm a stay at home mom who loves to cook and wants to run a small scale fresh food catering business . i want to pursue ms in usa but i have a gap of two years in between that is i complete engineering in 6 years, also i had 17 backlogs many repeated? i am getting about 100 calls on my number. is there a way to track who has forwarded the call to my number

dell inspiron 15 3537 laptop -- 4th gen/ i7 processor/8gb ram/1tb costing rs60,990/-- . if j can paint a room in 6 hours, and t can paint the same room in 12 hours, how long would it take j & t to paint the room together? when a couple starts seriously dating, should they delete their facebook photos of past

the npci will have access to all of the banks of every citizen in india . will the teaching content/curriculum be provided by the university or college? will the speed an indication of life expectancy?

as per communist philosophy, right of free-access to the articles of consumption for each according to his ability and needs is accepted . as per claims hindi was imposed by the government in tamilnadu which resulted in anti-hindi agitations, what were those specific steps of the government which amounted to this so called 'imposition'

cnn's nina dos santos asks: is it good to take a loan to open a fixed deposit? do the guests/experts who are invited to talk or respond to questions get paid? do you ever wake up in the dead of night, get up for some milk and cookies? will quora still reveal his identity and send him to his doom?

cnn's nina dos santos is a 26-year-old blogger who wants to start blogging . she wants to learn spanish and sign language fluently to get a job in a cloud computing company . her father wants her to be an engineer but i want to be a writer . do you have to write some sort of application or so?

ielts general or pte academic is an english language proficiency test . i'm learning how to pick and rake locks (padlock or door) it makes me feel a sense of power . what are career options for a computer science engineering student after b.tech?

i'm a 2015 btech (mechanical) grad and i have an it job in hand of a 3.5 lpa package . i want to buy a prime location land area of 2150 square feet in ujjain for 12 years . should i keep it as a wofe (and ask them to take shares in it) or change it?

i'm an engineering graduate considering mba studies . some of the us universities (harvard, mit, etc) accept gre or gmat scores for application . what are the merits and demerits of both?

iim pasaout or a top college mba is different from that of an ias or ies officer . i am a software engineer (2 years) and completed cfa. what are the recommended jobs i should look at in finance?

stdnt of wipro wants to switch jobs after two years of work experience . wants to hide one contact on whatsapp so that no one can see it .

a 2014 satellite's camera is capable of how many megapixels . can you hide a facebook post on your timeline, does your friend still see it? can google see the google sheets i am working on?

indonesia's massacre of 1965-1966 is not mentioned in history textbooks . how can one livestream to youtube, facebook and twitter at the same time? what's a good textbook for getting a rough feel for quantitative finance?

cnn's nina dos santos is a cse graduate and a low pointer from one of the top nits . she says she has always kept a certain distance to rap and hip-hop music . do you have a favorite song? share it with us on ireport .

i'm a cse graduate and i am having a one year gap . what are the top 5 tasks a devops engineer performs on a regular (daily or weekly) basis that are rote, tedious and non-automatable today? if the us postal service shut down because of bankruptcy, would it have a domino effect on other businesses?

in love with my boyfriend, but i have cheated on him twice with this other guy . it has been 9 months since we broke up, and i can't stop thinking of her . i want to know how a blind person feel about girl. when he does not even know how beautiful she looks?

true champions are not measured by the margin of their victory, but by the attitude with which they take on their challenges . if a non-muslim converts to islam, but he has a christian name, must he change his name? i've taken 3rd & 4th generation ab and hiv 1&2 rna tests & all results come back negative .

i'm half french w/ irish, english and german . i have been told i sound "gay" by closer friends who have told me that i lengthen my words .

cnn's nina dos santos says her dating life is terrible and she feels hopeless . she wants to open a cafe chain which will deal with indian desi food with fusion twist . do you have a to-do list integrated into slack, where users can track their tasks without having to have an account on another platform?

asana: buddhism/hinduism is to get rid of desires/wants and achieve nirvana . i was born with an athletic body shape with broad chest but some of my friends told me that my face and my body intimidates them . what should i do to maximise my chances of getting admission into nus double degree programme?

i'm 17 years old, i am tired of constant failures for past 5 years . now my parents hate me.there is no hope left in my life . can i change my life from this situation? . what is the difference between love and a crush?

i am an aiims aspirant and iam in class 11th . i bought 2 8 gb ddr3 1.6ghz separately. one after another . will it still work in dual channel mode?.i am in plans to start an online store something similar to chumbak or happily unmarried .

cnn's nina dos santos asks: is it worse for your body to chain-smoke several packs of cigarettes a day for a year? do you need to follow up anywhere with anyone after registering as a new voter on the nvsp? does it matter if your ps4 and its wires are near the heating point?

ymca is a professional college, institution or an organization in india . i am a 25-year-old ug student at the university of delhi pursuing economics (hons) i need to write an opencv app to help a low vision individual .

i live in the us and plan on moving to china. what are the best and most creative gifts that i can buy/make for my girlfriend's birthday on the 2nd of october? i actually do work out and eat healthy for the most part but i am wondering because i eat a lot of sugar .

a common interview question for product managers is, 'how do you design [xyz]?' i found a vape pen in my 18-yo son's room. i've made it clear to him that i don't approve, yet he is of legal age. should i punish him?

liar's dice is not earning as much as few bad movies with so called superstars of india . how would the brands gucci, guess, gap, ferragamo, armani, diesel rank from lowest to highest?

cnn's nina dos santos has a manic psychotic episode and was in hospital for a month . she decided to start a new life with her past self 13 years ago . i'm 99.99% sure that i will crack the jee-advanced, but, i won't be able to clear the boards cut-off for bits, pilani 

i have an airtel sim with my friend's id, but now i want to change my sim ownership in india . i'm finally going on a date with this girl and i really like her . what should i do if i come from a poor country?

cnn's ireport boot camp asks readers how to be more responsive to the interests of a majority of its citizens or an elite minority . i'm a shopkeeper in bangalore who has 2+ lacs of mine, but he is not returning my money . can i delete my snapchat account because i sent a photo to a wrong person and then reactivate it later will they be 

to survive and grow in the it industry in india, a masters degree or mba is essential . i've built a web app that i want to convert to a cross platform mobile app . my mac got a virus. all i remember is that it said porn virus .

cnn's john sutter is a 17-year-old single woman who broke her wrist on a trip to mars . he has given 2 attempts of pte exam and in both attempts he scored very low in spelling and grammar . can someone help me with any tips to improve both?

qnet is asking individual investors to work as ir as an mlm or pyramid business model . is it even possible to really sell your soul to the devil? i was diagnosed w ocd & adhd; could this be my problem?

survey monkey has a b2b freemium model and has + 1 million users . lata ji is a great singer, but she has used a lot of dirty tricks . how can i change mapping of macbook keyboard key for a laptop plus a tablet?

i reincarnated but i hate how different the world is now and not for the better . i published a chinese post in the china site and i want to connect posts on wordpress .

i'm a 30 year old gay man, single and terrified of aging . i found an instagram page that is selling the iphone 6 for $300 and is accepting paypal .

do sas in hr field and how? i have statistics, mathematics and economics background . i am a dancer and i want to help poor child to learn dance what should i do?

i want to do an ethical hacking course after class 12 (cbse) in delhi . how can someone obtain a non-voip phone number for free so they can verify on an app like uber? how do i kill a small animal with toothpaste and jam?

kubrick named his film after the character dr. strangelove, when he appears so late in the movie and for only two scenes . i'm 26 and hardworking, my boyfriend wants to marry but has no job, he wants to have his own company, but he is lazy .

is it expenses charged on consolidated fund of india is not votable by parliament? are there any amendments to it or any cases regarding it?.i am learning about kali linux, i am scared if it might damage my pc as im having only one .

ipo issuing firms like to see this number be really high, but what does the firm lose? i'm 25. just finished my masters, but i’m worried to be not well established at this age . i am 9% irish and 15% british. no one in my family is ireland or britain . what does it mean to "put your initials" on all pages of 

cnn's nina dos santos is considering moving to houston, texas . she says she feels uncomfortable about her treating men, only children and women . do you have a choice? share your thoughts in the comments below .

reynolds is planning to take the pearson test for english academic (pte) at what age should a mom be mindful of a child's talents? if you had a box of chocolates containing 5 grams of every known element, how many could you eat before dying?

the naruto shippuden manga will finally be ending in the 699th chapter after 15 years . is it a good decision to ban currency of 500 and 1000? is it really going to block all the black money?

i'm a fresher from college, which should i choose :-java, sap or database? i am pursuing ssc cgl coaching but dont know what to do after it . indian media not reporting on the conversions happening at tirupati temple .

i deleted .aae files by mistake on my iphone 6 running on ios 9.3.1, and now all of my related photos are gone . how serious a problem will the zika virus be in the u.s.? how widely might it spread?

cnn's nina dos santos is a 22-year-old single mom . she wants to drop out of college to study manga in japan . do you need to apply for a schengen visa to visit eiffel tower?

i want to be an ias and love history subject but in 12 i've taken pcm . what are the laws to change your status from a student visa to a green card in the us, how do they compare to the immigration laws in scottland? i have passed my ca final exams but my parents are not allowing me to go for job or practice .

what are the laws to change your status from a student visa to a green card in the us? how do they compare to the immigration laws in spain?.what is the ratio of male and female students in stem fields at the undergraduate level in india?

bulgarian is 25 years old and has changed 4 jobs since 2013 . i want hot and beautiful girl in goa to enjoy .quantcast dropped demographic data for a bunch of sites .

i love a guy but he desperately wants to have sex. i cant live without him.shd i take risk? i'm a transgender woman, and i haven't had any treatment yet . why do grades in the u.s. usually range from a+, a, b, ... d, d-, and then jump to f rather than to 

i have a weird way of stuying which affects my grades . when i try to remove my google account i see samsunggalaxys5 which i dont know .

i want to help poor child to learn dance what should i do? i'm a dancer and i have my own class but i am financially weak . what advice would you give a young girl who wants to be a police officer?

in slumdog millionaire, jamal picks the answer d to the cricket question . how did he know that the host prem was misleading him? what exactly does paul scholes usually do to "control" the game?

i'm looking to crack some cheesy tricks used by boys and how to defend those . i have 13 years of valid education what is the best way to migrate and which country urgent? i am pursuing ssc cgl coaching but dont know what to do after it?

i'm an architect and i want to prepare for i.a.s. have you ever had feelings for two people? can i get a job in india after 5 years of a graduate degree in industrial design from the usa?

cnn's nina dos santos wants to crack some cheesy tricks used by boys in india . she is looking to help her girlfriend who was in a sexually abusive relationship before her . does amazon provide ppl who are working as toc to go abroad?

americans will achieve racial equality when a black man equivalent to george w. bush is elected to the presidency . do you agree or disagree with the use of bayes' theorem as a tool to discover the best historical explanation .

i am a boy of 15 years and would like to join mount carmel pu college for 1 pu . i have been away from academics for a few years. would you save? mbbs study is cheaper in countries like russia and china than indian private medical colleges .

cnn's nina dos santos has no intention of taking a job as a tv presenter . she asks: is it possible to dig far enough into the ice at the polar regions to sustain ourselves after an earth trauma bad enough we could not surface?.what are some of the most useful things a student, wanting to pursue an economics degree, can do during the summer before their final year

punjabi student has never kissed and has never even been in a relationship . he wants to pursue a career in investment banking . but he has a bad academic record and is afraid to introduce a partner .

cnn's nina dos santos asks: is it a good idea for a ceo to take personal criminal liability? does it make sense to use photons instead of electrons to run a motor? does a website with 40 million pageviews/mo, 5mm uv, 69% returning visitors, 86% aged 18-34, 70% female, 20% us?

i'm planning to create a full-featured blog using django as a first web development project . i have pitch black hair but the hairs around my arms and body are golden blonde . would you like fresh and nutritious food cooked for you by a robot chef? it prepares food for you and shops in 1 click .

i have a fracture at the tip of lateral malleolus. i am currently on calcium tbs and painkillers . can i lose my federal dea license to prescribe medication?.what kind of effect pedals i can use along with a prs s2 custom 24 and boss gt 100?.is doing a digital marketing certification after an mba in marketing helpful?

india's population is growing at an alarming rate . why hasn't a single politician or a journalist raised the question of having strict population control laws in the country?.i killed a snake on a friday . there's a belief that when you kill a . snake it will certainly take revenge. will i be killed?

a relative died, local mag published a note online about his death . is it ok to ask them to publish this note in the written version as tribute?

i'm 15 and i really like a girl but there's a 40% or so chance of her being bi . i read a theory which stated that we are in a black hole which is constantly expanding . how do i convince my stubborn dad to change his bad eating habits?

indians are becoming famous for being chutiya people around the world . what should every indian citizen do to stop the propagation of such negative stereotypes? i'm 29y old. i have diabetes type 2. recently my sugar level was increased to 150 (fasting)

deepmind's maths have become extremely weak and i am in class 12th . i want to make my life cool and luxurious, in a very young age . how do i work out the most successful social media account .

i need a piece of clothing designed and manufactured. i'm a non vegetarian and my girlfriend is a vegetarian . instagram now shows 2 users (likers) next to the number of likes on nearly all my photos .

instagram now shows 2 users (likers) next to the number of likes . is it wise to discourage a child from pursuing his ambition to become a performing musician if he is ugly? is it ok for a womn to say she wants a prince charming buy sexist?

i'm 16 and i want to be a millionaire right now. what can a 16 year old do to make money in real estate? i have been told that you can stay in 4/5 star hotels in eastern europe and it's free .

i have a masters in hospital administration from india and 4 yrs of work ex in a super speciality hospital . i want to do sas analytics course in german universities such as rwth aachen, tum . is it always necessary to plan your career at every step, or is it okay to cling on to your interest?

i'm 19 y/o school dropout in delhi living away from my parents . i want to start a e-grocery store in kerala . what is the best way to get six sigma certification in india?

einstein called nationalism an infantile disease and considered patriotism an attempt to soften nationalism, but saw that it was no different . uan member portal (for pf) seems to have been down for the past 2 weeks .

india deploying t-72 tanks in leh near china border . is that strategically good move? and what will be the impact of it? . can i copy my entire master thesis code from textbook?

delhi / vpm classes to kota or are online classes another choice? do we really need a 2gb, 3gb or 4gb ram and octacores on smartphones? if not, why do these companies make them and put ridiculous prices on them?

indira gandhi delhi technical university is offering acm-icpc this year . igdtuw is a non-profit organisation that aims to create a method of written/visual communication that depicts the value of oral communication .

i'm a first year undergraduate student with no coding background . instagram now shows 2 users (likers) next to the number of likes . in indonesia, what is the outlook for property investment in jakarta .

james madison says it is easier for factions to consolidate strength in a direct democracy as compared to a representative democracy . i'm a high school student and i got contacted by a firm to do a complete redesign of their ios and android apps . is it better to take muscleblaze extreme fat burner or just the simple garcinia cambogia? do these really work?

cnn's nina dos santos wants to do a survey about online digital marketing courses . she's considering partnering with gw fathom based in arizona . the company's culture and capabilities would benefit her startup, she says .

in silicon valley episode 3 from season 2, is the russ hanneman character a critique of / attack on mark cuban? i have yet to see any dude get even half as star struck as girls do . kishore's avg songs was far better than rafis best song .

asians (especially koreans and chinese) between the ages of 35 - 60 look young and petite, compare to other whites and blacks of similar age bracket . bill gates and his foundation came to select polio as the vaccine to target for eradication in the next few years . instagram now shows 2 users (likers) next to the number of likes .

cnn's john sutter is a 22-year-old engineer from philippines . he has a job in sales & trading and an undergrad degree in business management (finance) he asks if there are any constraints or hidden pre-requisites for it to be useful .

move from a non tech program manager to technical program manager . will it be a wrong career choice?.canadian tech entrepreneurs hear about incorporating in delaware all the time .

ias, ips and irs are the best ways to get a job in the us, the uk, nigeria, or canada . i am a finance student, looking for career in erp finance. my educ % is average . is it wise to discourage a child from pursuing his ambition to become a musician?

a 27-year-old from dubai has decided to prepare for the civil services examination 2017 . he has a pnes, everyone tells him he should be working sat at a desk, working from home etc . the course will start in next month .

after banning of 500 & 1000 notes, what are the ways in which people can convert their black money into white and how can it be prevented? how will my girls aged 10 and 12 get affected if i move from a middle east culture with extended family to a european culture in nuclear family?

instagram now shows 2 users (likers) next to the number of likes . on nearly all my photos, the same 2 users are shown . would you rather move to a developed country to improve the life of your child?

i am a graduate or bout to in 2017 and i have 55% till now with some arrears will i get any job in goverment or private sector . there are numerous reports on how technology such as robots and ai will take human jobs . why are indians more fascinated about the western culture, when in fact, the indian culture is based on science .

i am a 27-year-old, working in dubai . i have decided to prepare for the civil services examination 2017 . what should i do to get into top american universities like mit .

cnn's nina dos santos asks: is the korean language used in the interview accurate? does india add 50 seawater desalination plants by 2025 along its coast line? does the income from taxi aggregator services like uber and ola in india taxable?

i am a 27 year old, working in dubai. i have decided to prepare for the civil services examination 2017 . if you could wave a magic wand and change one thing about yourself, what would you change?

india is ranked 4th in the national power index, higher than russia . i want to start now for experience and preventing future mistakes . can humans keep storing information as much as they want?

lulu, blender, and hotornot plus a slew of other clones are all using the badoo platform . is skype still popular as it used to be?.is it just a coincidence that the author of genesis placed adam and eve's garden of eden where historians claim is the birthplace of humanity .

india is upgrading its su30 fighters to bring it closer to a 5th gen fighter . what would happen if you were to get close enough to kim jung un and spit on him . do you believe the cure for cancer is out there?

in islam, the pig is considered as the most worthless animal and is haram . noah (noah a.s.) saved this animal during the storm . if you delete your account on snapchat, will the conversations you had be deleted?

nebosh igc (or) icc (construction) is better for a fresher . i'm a 2015 b.com hons graduate with a year gap in between . how can someone pretend that they love you, for 3 years and then leave when they get chance?

i'm trying to make a model of hoover dam, an arch-gravity dam . can i get an admission in a mumbai university affiliated college for my master's? i want to visit facebook in silicon valley, any ideas for suitable small projects i can make to pitch it?

i'm considering internal transfer in amazon from seattle to bay area office . what is the reason why many middle-aged indian cxos want their kids to study abroad? what are some career options for a person who watches youtube a lot?

i'm looking for jobs in qatar, so i would like to get grade a certification in architecture . i have a great idea for a mobile app, but i do not know how to code . in several recipes for indian chutney, the first ingredient to be fried is dried lentils .

cnn's john sutter asks: is it ridiculous to fall in love with someone you never met in person? is it unhealthy to swallow one's own phlegm during a cold or a flu? is there a virus named "zepto" that could cause ill effects or benefits?

cnn's nina dos santos is a 20-year-old computer science undergraduate . she says she gets attracted to boys by looking at their eyes when interacting with them . do you want to teach in u.s.? do you have any advice for her?

cnn's nina dos santos is a 15-year-old indian student studying at mcgill university . she wants to find out how to get rid of an overlay screen that blocks everything . do you have a good revenge porn website? share your thoughts in the comments below .

"impractical jokers" star says he has beat all the rappers in his neighborhood in upstate new york . "if you could wave a magic wand and change one thing about yourself, what would you change?" "i'm ready to go to detroit and battle their rappers on the street"

supreme court orders cinema halls to play national anthem with exits closed . i broke up with my girlfriend because my parents think love marriages have no future . can you tell how a fashion model feels about the clothes he or she is modelling? i want to start a 2nd hand bookstore online .

i'm currently studying law in delhi . i hate it & dont feel comfortable with other men . is it ridiculous to fall in love with someone you never met in person?

a lemon kept in water in a glass tumbler appears to be bigger than its actual size, when viewed from the sides . is it unhealthy to swallow one's own phlegm during a cold or a flu? is anyone other than al qaeda involved on 9/11?

j.k. rowling's fantastic beasts and where to find them is a 2016 movie . iran's sister is not being given her mba because a professor in her university is not letting her get the minimum cgpa . how did china become the manufacturing hub of the world? i want to pursue a career in research and academics .

the supreme court directs karnataka to release water in no of tmc . j.k. rowling's book 'fantastic beasts and where to find them' is out now .

i know this question is a joke and impossible to answer. what if it’s possible, how would it be?.i am in class ix and i am a little weak in science but good in mathematics. i want to crack iit exam. what should i do?.why are aeroplane wings not placed at their center of gravity even though they are meant for the lift?.what would happen if a foreigner child

nepali citizen havn pasport is an ece student studying ds and c,c++ programming . she wants to join an ngo in jaipur as a volunteer . her boss wants to give individual award based on team vote along-with their remarks .

common sense is often mapped to one's education level (at least in india) but what are some basic common sense behaviors that the educated fail to do?

cnn's nina dos santos has three instagram accounts not linked with each other . she says the minimum wage would result in employers hiring fewer workers . do you think the worst examination system in world is of rajiv gandhi technical university? does anyone know about warrants?

the northeastern university's online data science certificate is a credible program . is it a feasible path to having a job in the industry as a data scientist? i accidentally declined someone's dm request on instagram .

in ten years aaron will be twice as old as his son . if i block a person on iphone 6 and later unblock them, will i receive the messages that were sent to me while the sender was blocked?

chamath palihapitiya: i've read that gst is good for our economy . if i have to give paper 1 and 2 both in jee mains for a b.arch in iit, would i be correct if we say that potential enrgy is infinite? i want to prepare for civil services exam 2017. can you suggest how to manage time?

iitd engineering student is a 2015 passout . i want to pursue mba preferably of one year program . what is your favorite movie genre? what are typical features of that genre?

fyp in bs is studying the mechanical structure of a four legged robot . she is deported from a gcc country in 2014, after completing 2 years of masters in australia . fifa 17 coins generator online is generating coins for fifa 17 but only once .

sasuke submitted an answer in the form of a photograph and then noticed a mistake . he wanted to find out how much does it really cost for storage when you are a large company . is it healthier to blow your nose or to sniff really hard and have the mucus go into your throat?

i'm a class 12 pcm student and i feel that i should have chosen commerce . i get very little time for study during weekdays despite having free time in office . will it be possible to clear cse 2017 studying only in weekends?.what are the relative advantages of the mit sloan fellows program vs stanford gsb msx?

bangladesh-based virologist is planning a trip to india to study microbiology . he says he has heard a lot about ssl, how can it save my data? he asks: is it possible for ethnic jews to go from aliah to receiving darkon?

if i block a person on iphone 6 and later unblock them, will i receive the messages that were sent to me while the sender was blocked? did obama give iran money for a nuclear program? if so, why did he?

i'm not an iitian and graduated in 2016 . i have cgpa around 8.4 and pretty good scores in x and xii . what are the 7 erogenous zones in women mentioned by monica geller in season 4?

the first elizabeth to be queen of the uk and northern ireland . i am 29 year old and looking for a girl . what are your chances for good marks in rbi grade b interview?

i'm a 25 year old working in the it sector and planning to leave my job for ias preparation . i have scored 76 (normalized score) in tancet mba 2016 and i belong to oc category . how do paypal, airbnb, and uber put video in the back of their landing pages?

a bsc in physics from greece can i crack up for upsc cvils services exam? i want to know about resilience means we have to choose a topic for project under resilience . i'm a mechanical engineering graduate working with an it firm for the past three months .

cnn's nina dos santos has a fear of people looking at her in the face . her goal is to become a senior software engineer . she's studying indian economy by ramesh singh for the civil services examination 2014 .

balaji vishwanathan is a future european student who wants to attend a law university in usa . he says he doesn't have feelings of nationalism or patriotism toward his country of birth . in a city with three 3g towers, will the phone jump between the 3 closer towers or connect to one?

italian-born, raised (and possibly graduated in) now working for companies like facebook, linkedin and twitter . can i input employee names and role descriptions in a mind map tool that draws visual connections between them based on shared words in their roles?

many students from nicmar are advising not to join due to less placements is it true? one of the strengths of virtue ethics is that it provides us with explicit guidance . i want to open my stock brokerage company and invest in f&o, arbitraging, hedging .

a 2015 pass out mechanical engineer, still looking for job in manufacturing companies . what are the things i should do in my career to avoid frustrations and regret faced by people in their 30s and 40s? krishna said in gita; "those who worship the god of kings and queens are the gods of the universe"

inception is about the love story between cobb and mal, framed by the story . is it possible — in the human body — to infect cancer cells with a virus? does the mistress feel threatened by the mrs? who would win in a battle between all the characters who have been killed?

i want to sell sonic toothbrush subscription at 3.99$ a month, i replace it if it breaks . does overusing the finger print scanner for unlocking my device make it fatal? i've never kissed anyone, and i feel very sad .

cnn's nina dos santos is a technology risk analyst at deloitte us, hyd . she says pink floyd has more dense lyrics than modern pop culture music does . do you think computers has had the most profound, or significant impact on how human beings communicate in the modern world?

sam vaknin implies that mirroring a narcissist will turn a cuddly teddy bear . british factory/dutch factory/french factory actually mean . is the claim that the ancient egyptians were black (had dark skin) supported by history?

some have speculated that adhd is a milder form of an autism spectrum disorder . i'm an indian, i want to move to greenland and will never come back .

will bill clinton be called if hillary is elected?.will he be able to date or marry a guy because his parents are of a different religious faith?.how do i install lollipop on micromax doodle 3 a102?.can it be done via a custom rom?.what is the best cleaner or ram booster app available in the play store?

cnn's nina dos santos has never seen federer and nadal compete in a first round match . she is looking to employ coaches to help her define & achieve her vision, personally and professionally . do you believe in the law of attraction by asking the universe?

the philippines is turning side to china, is there an impact on the part of us? a haemoglobin test is at 8.2 (normal female range is 12-14) how do you steer that social channel to pull in audiences for your business?

cnn's nina dos santos is a .net developer having 3 years of work experience working in bangalore . do you think that cleopatra vii of egypt was and stands as the greatest female politician of all time?

i'm 23 years old single guy, got a job in vegas with 90k salary . i have an average academic record with 6 years of experience in start-up, smbs & mncs . should i consider taking the gmat for an international career?

cnn's john sutter asks if there is a double enumeration in a table title . he has seen prison break, dexter, sherlock, breaking bad, suits, white collar, game of thrones, arrow and flash . do you think solf j kimblee becomes good in the end of full metal alchemist brotherhood?

the minimum viable product (mvp) mentality works for hardware startups . do americans know an ar-15 isn't a military rifle, but it has a pistol-grip believed to be "evil" karna's own brother shani dev had to give her brother a hard time and their father had to see disastrous life .

cnn's nina dos santos asks: why are people afraid of a powerful u.s.? do fish exist in shallow ponds in high arctic that freeze solid in winter? when water freezes solid, fish freeze too, returning to life in spring . do you know if you are in love?

samsung galaxy grand neo has been upgraded to lollipop 5.0, but i cannot find a file on the net . what should i do if the woman i love has an incurable life-threatening hereditary disease?

i've seen prison break, dexter, sherlock, game of thrones, white collar, arrow and flash . can children who are under the age of eighteen, legally refuse to have their ears pierced against the wishes of their parents? if the united states has a female president, will her husband be called the first gentleman?

kunal nayyar, an indian, wants to move to greenland but will never return . he deleted his snapchat memories after he backed them to his camera . does this culture work everywhere in india and in other countries?

indian tv presenter is getting more into porn videos and is becoming a pervert . he says he can see himself converting into a 'pervert' if he paid $1 million for a nazi salute in israel .

i’m living in one i owe 70k on. i have 100k in savings. how should i proceed?.do we still need to separate dark colour clothes from light colour clothes?.licking up woman's sensitive parts such as inner thigh, navel and nipples, and slowly blowing air to dry it up?.if the lucy concept is true and if humans start using 50% or 100%

deloitte and goldman sachs hire students who pass out of ggsip university, delhi (off campus placement) can i get good job if i score 60% in pcm but overall less than 60 in hs but scores good in be and gate?

jeff bezos is starting to implement okrs in his company for the first time . he is looking for a battery to provide electricity to charge laptops, phones and other things . the company is also looking at a sydney-based company to help them with their ielts . do you know a person who has the greatest impact on the entire human race and its course?

cnn's john sutter asks "what if anything should happen to hampton creek and josh tetrick now that we know they faked demand by e.g., buying product and calling whole foods?" "how did rbi know that urjit patel would be governor 6 months before and start printing the 2000 rupee notes with his signature?" "what do you think was the most impressive phrase that got

i conducted a poll on the influence of advertisements in the school on the student for my disertation! how can i understand other people and see the world through their own eyes, but i cannot understand myself and see myself through my own eyes?.i refuse to inflict burdens of alzheimer's on my spouse . how do you determine when to end my life while still capable of making decisions?

the hurt locker's ramanand sagar is a 2008 movie about lord vishnu (not rama) i've taken 3.54l education loan for my degree and haven't secured any job . i want to sell sonic toothbrush subscription at 3.99$ a month, i replace it if it breaks and supply brush heads too .

mba in usa would definitely give $ 100k salary at the start in consulting jobs . tardigrades live in antarctica, do they freeze solid in winter to revive in summer? if you block someone on whatsapp and later unblock them, will i receive the messages?

i'm in love with my best friend and he is in a relationship (almost as good as serious) what ingredients are needed and what is the brewing process to make a pilsner style beer . i am thinking of a destination wedding with two witnesses; along with a few family and friends .

john avlon: is a masters in management (mim) worth doing from usa? he asks if it's possible to have a dye-sensitized solar cell (dssc) that isn't completely sealed . he says if an adult is immature in behavior, does that make them more likely to be a victim of crime?

delhi-based naomi gupta is an engineering graduate and currently working in an mnc . she wants to sell sonic toothbrush subscription at 3.99$ a month, i replace it if it breaks and supply brush heads too .

what are some good birthday celebration and gifting ideas? what do you think the evolution of the human race could be a reasonable hypothesis? i have an audition tomorrow for a commercial .

many tech experts believe ai capabilities will advance rapidly in the next decade . indians don't use toilet paper after they poop; they just wash it directly with their hands . the portrait of valak was burned/destroyed, or simply vanished at the end .

demonetizing the 500 and 1000 notes will help curb black money in the form of green money in foreign banks, land, fake shares, etc . if america were able to keep its current military, and planned upgrades, on 5% of its current budget, what should the rest be spent on?

what will bill clinton be called if hillary is elected? what video will show about 10 different extrasolar earths - each with it's animal-like and people-like living things that will be shown in the video too?

i'm a tenure track professor at a second tier university . i want to sell sonic toothbrush subscription at 3.99$ a month . is suicide squad doing so well at the box office because it's much better than critics have indicated?

westworld's last seen in truecaller indicates the time when the person last used his phone or when he was last on call . if you're in a mediocre relationship and connect deeper than ever before with another, is it better to highlight personality or talents?

dr. ford coded the "reveries" into the hosts which made them more human like . is it unrealistic for a 17 1/2 year old to get a job as a live in nanny in america? i dropped out of college because of anxiety and panic attacks .

cnn's nina dos santos has been diagnosed with adhd . she wants to study economics and finance but not sure what route to take . does this prove the earth is flat? what evidence will survive?

there is a huge problem in georgia . i need someone with authentic psychic, channeling skills . what are some startups one should want to work for and why?

cnn's nina dos santos is a student of instrumentation and control engineering . she wants to go into the it sector and is currently pursuing a b.com degree . does a degree from a lower ranked school decrease job prospects? do employers not care where one graduated from as long as the school was accredited?

can you name an example of historical figures who stills persists and works towards his or her goals in the face of difficulties lying ahead?.i am 21 year old guy going to australia to study bachelor of media communication and business . i would like to work with elderly and/or people who are at the end of life .

i'm offering to pay $0.50 per person for signing up and cashing out on qmee . is netanyahu generally liked by non-muslims, non-arabs and israelis? what will bill clinton be called if hillary is elected?

john avlon: isn't it suspicious that god didn't want adam and eve to eat from the tree of knowledge? he asks: is the claim that the ancient egyptians were black (had dark skin) supported by history? i want to move to greenland. i will go on a tourist visa and will never come back, what would you advise?

i want to change the way indians view the world . i am an it professional having almost 6 years of experience from india . my boyfriend has become infrequent in texting me and it makes me wonder if we should break up .

indian companies like airtel insist on not sending the bill to a users registered email address claiming it might get into wrong hands . most of the spouses of army officers end up as teachers . can children under the age of eighteen, legally refuse to have their ears pierced against the wishes of their parents?

i've lost all my contacts on my iphone, however they are all there in icloud . the obergruppenfuhrer's name john smith in 'the man in the high castle' was this naming intentional? does it tell us something about the character?

do you think the leadership of chris patten, as last governor of hong kong, sowed the seeds for the pro independence movement? i'm 1st year eee with only basic programming experience (intermediate c) can anyone recommend any call centers or sites to look for?

adam on the goldberg's is writing a short story script for youtube titled the gamer . he wants to prepare a colorful travel booklet using pastel sheet and other decoration material about one of the cities .

i'm a pharma marketing professional, having experience of 6years with package 5lpa . i want to date a guy from france in a party. how do i do that? what are the best white label ssp options for a publisher network?

a 17-year-old indian student pursued independent math research on riemann hypothesis . why are people not typically attracted to their siblings? is it a biological instinct or is it because society thinks of it as being wrong?

i love my boyfriend, but sexually, he is very submissive while i need to be dominated . i have genital herpes and i think i infected someone that i shared towels with . is it true that hindu god indra used to take the physical form of other men .

"bad" and prince's "purple rain" both sound extremely artificial in terms of sound . in good vs. evil, why does "evil" deeds seem to have a much larger impact on the world than the benefits of "good"? "i am a highly sexual female but often hide myself due to society's pressure"

crispr/cas9 is a fast, good, hands-on and immersive program . cnn's captions on instagram are badly garbled and unreadable . why is one person always on top no matter when they view it?

abdurraheem murphy believes that islamic migration to the west from the middle east and africa will bring victory to the believers in islamising europe . is itnormal for people withadd (not adhd tofeel really lazy most of the time) but is it becauseof myadd?

cnn's nina dos santos asks: is it prudent on the part of the indian government to influx the common man's money (taxes) in loss making for the ill-managed air india? does it happen to all the men? does razia sultana find place in movies and tv series?

i'm studying in class 11th commerce. my aim is srcc or any other du college for bcom (hons) our ridiculously high costs in the u.s. are due in part to hospital markups and coding for the highest reimbursement . what are the 15 best radios to follow to get a well balanced idea of both music styles .

msd has been recommended by ssb bangalore for tgc-123 . he wants to build a consumer facing web browser based on chromium . sony pictures has changed its strategy to produce small budget thrillers .

anne wants to raise 500,000 pesos of startup capital from a venture capitalist rather than arranging a bank loan . will women ever stop using children as a pawn in child custody battles when dealing with a responsible and accountable man?

university of montreal has a good reputation for employer in english-speaking canada and in the u.s. do the ceremonial guards at the tower of london actually guard it, or are they mostly for show; backed up by more traditional security forces?

crispr/cas9 is a fast, good, hands-on and immersive program . it simulates a 4d construction schedule using bim data and traditional tools like revit & primavera . if all citizens give rs.5 per head to the government, will our loan amount be reduced?

neo-eugenics is talking about over population, can we solve it by populating the solar system? is it possible to make a 3g android phone support a 4g sim card network, provided it is rooted and has a micro sim slot? if someone contracts the zika virus and recovers, will they become immune to it?

varun dhawan, shraddha kapoor and kriti sanon are among the stars who will have a better bollywood career . he says women who are on their periods are regarded as 'unclean' such that they are prevented in taking an actived part in rituals .

ashwin from india wants to start a business on internet by writing blog, online tutoring, affiliate etc. he is fresher in industry but wants to go for mgmt side of corporate . microsoft's acquisition of linkedin will help both the companies and linkedin's users .

ike's sandwich shops only asks customers paying with cards to decide a tip . i want the guy i like to hate me because i'm unintelligent and worldly . do you think oil will rise above $100/barrel again by end of 2016?

cnn's nina dos santos asks: what animal do you wish you could be and why? do we have 100% proof that gravity is caused by the bending of space by matter? i want to be a dj, but as a beginner i am going to buy a pioneer ddj-sb2 . i have hidden one of my photo albums by mistake .

xiaomi mi3 is a final year student at pravin gandhi law college in mumbai . she has some really good ideas that i want to patent . i can't get my samsung galaxy 7 to connect to my amazon echo .

how do you know you've become an adult? not just legally, but deep down its your full identity . how many people preparing for civil services exam are demotivated by demonetization . what are you going to do about gmo?

mckinsey: if elected, what will you do to support israel and her right to self-determination and self-defense? rajya sabha passed child labour bill allowing children under 14 years be engaged in "home based" labour . sri lanka: i'm getting facial heat boils whenever i get mouth ulcer .

i want to do feature analysis by analysis of cad files . i wrote a letter, asking for donations from companies and philanthropists .

chitrangada singh has been called the most beautiful actress in bollywood . she wants to join amie for a b.tech degree . what is a dirty little (or big) secret about an industry that you have worked in?

game awards is an annual awards show that honors videos games in all aspects from story telling to gameplay . i learned neutrons of h2 atoms can be taken away by adding photons . can we find a family in usa that can adopt a child at the age of 18?

cnn's anna mccartney has hidden one of her photo albums in gallery . she'd like to start a manufacturing firm of her own . her son plays minecraft on the computer and someone asked him "d or t"

bollywood movies contain too many sex scenes . kejriwal is honest, shouldn't people listen to him? how safe is the city of everett, wa compared to the most dangerous cities in the us?

as of sept. 2016, macos sierra on the mac app store has got an average of 5 stars with 245 ratings but zero reviews . java development or selenium automation which has better pay? post your answers so that i will decide my career .

i am a software testing professional having 8.5yrs experience . my age is already 29. can i prepare for ssc at this age? i want to do post graduate in applied nutrition and dietician .

cnn's nina dos santos asks: is it ok to pirate a game to see if it's good, and if so, is it immoral or wrong? do you have any tips for cracking the ias exam?

atul gawande has completed a bachelor's degree in food science and technology . he wants to do a bsc in applied mathematics due to company requirement . is it possible to find a freelance or sme ux/ui design company in mumbai?

joe lonsdale: did a vote of the world population for god or the devil happen? how do you rebuild your confidence and self-esteem as a software developer?

kant is studying vedas, upanishads and mahapuranas in korea . is it possible to make a 3g android phone support a 4g sim card network? do you have any tips on how to enjoy each stage of life as we age?

i lost 4 gift cards this year, and i can't remember the last time i had lost an actual dollar . i am a software testing professional having 8.5yrs experience . what are the best data science mooc's that have biggest impact on resume in india .

i am suffering from religious ocd and triggered by religious places . i'm a hindu. and cant afford any doctor and specialist . what would stop a group of people in positions of power abusing this concept for profit?

mideastern cultures had excellent contributions to language, maths and the arts . why did it become a place of cruelty with the barbarism we see now?

there are brilliant minds out there who change the whole context of one's questions . how does the us and canada ensure that americans and canadians crossing the border don't extend their visit beyond the six months they are allowed?

if tsai yingwen wins the roc presidency in 2016, will taiwanese claims to the diaoyu islands () / senkaku islands() be ceded to japan?.if the dpp wins . the u.s. presidency in 2016 will be the first time a bangladeshi president has been elected president .

davidwu: i want to pursue a career in music, but everyone tells me to study engineering first . he asks: is it normal to be scared of pursuing my dream (of doing research) when i can easily get a government job? he says he hasn't been accepted to any university in his gap year .

i'm a 17-year-old indian boy who wants to start investing in the stock market . my personality type was changed from the debater (entp) to the campaigner (enfp) how do i build a profile to get accepted into a star college like caltech?

donald trump says he saw thousands cheering in new jersey when the twin towers came down on 9/11 . can i raise my gpa to a 3.0 in a semester? without imo medals, what can be done as a student from china to stand out?

aakash's indian chartered accountant is looking for a job in the usa . he says he'd like to be able to use standardized activities and processes to improve . his technical co-founder is asking for rs.10k per month for his daily expenses in bangalore .

infosys chandigarh is a canadian mech engineer from a middle class family . i am planning to do big data in the future . what are the laws of getting a green card due to marriage in us?

dmlt in smude commenced may 2 012 . was the declaration of independence considered to be self-serving for certain interests groups? what is the general undergraduate gpa cutoff point for admission to canadian universites?

buddhist physicist has done his masters in physics and wants to pursue a course in geophysics . according to islam, are all non muslims going to hell? how much does a management consulting firm (mbb) charge?

i want to study computer science in college, but i haven’t studied computer in highschool . i'm a person with average knowledge of physics . can you share some stories of someone who has lived his/her life like a warrior .

i'm a believer in the evolutionary process, do you believe in rules, rights, right and wrong, or authority (mom and dad) do you know of any research using tensorflow to inject an h264 stream into their engine to recognize / track objects?

cnn's nina dos santos asks: is it too late to start preparing for cfa level 1? does a failure student who was just pass in 2nd, 3rd and fail in 4th, 5th,6th,9th & 10th repeated? can a person who recently graduated from an ivy league university (wharton) expect to earn in india

virat kohli is a mother who has asperger's syndrome and has a child with autism . he has had a nagging doubt for a while about whether god is all powerful . is it possible to make a 3g android phone support a 4g sim card network, provided it is rooted?

i'm 17 y/o and i want to attend trinity college dublin for their mphil in irish literature . do all doctors feel that they made the biggest mistake of their lives by choosing to become one? what official name is given to the films with long story lines, like twin peaks, 24 and breaking bad?

if you could create your own us political party platform, what types of stances would it take and what solutions would it include? what is the exact text for vendors that are half filled goes in search of water to fill itself?

stratton oakmont is one of the top 10 atm deployment companies in india . the company is spoken in the book and the movie 'the wolf of wall street'

the technical founder of a b2b saas startup wants to shorten the length of her pants . he has a hair drug test on tuesday and is considering moving to the u.s. what are some of the most important inventions created by the assyrian empire .

i want to start a youtube gaming channel but i lack confidence, do you have any words of encouragement or helpful tips? i have experience in etl dev, testing, hadoop testing, now looking out for ba roles . can anyone working in wissen technology give an insight about the company?

i am a telecom engineer working in reputed mnc . i'm fed up with quora telling me my questions need improving . can i apply to mit after completing my b.sc in computer science and engineering?

i'm a semiconductor professional with 6 years experience willing change to data science . i have completed electrical and electronics engineering, i want to do ms in mis . what are the most valuable tips you can give a new brand creating their brand?

i hurt my finger while playing football. it has been around 1 month and still my finger has not healed completely . i think ssn gives preference to tamilnadu and andhra students .

besides prison guard and basic security, what jobs can a veteran nco in his 40's reasonably expect to compete for? what is the best approach towards performance testing of a web application that is hosted in the cloud?

claire masrani is a 16-year-old from tamil nadu . she wants to learn more about private limited companies in india . ms sanjay gupta is an mbc journalist .

a small university finds opportunities to thrive and make entering elite grad schools possible . almost 2/3 of so called "refugees" are economic migrants . a lot of startups are constructing robots/drones nowadays .

buddha said "desire is the root cause of all evil" afghanistan tops the list of countries with the most refugees . can we mine (bitcoin) with genesis company?

cic: does my weighted gpa matter when i apply for college? does anybody on planet have appearance (face and figure) 100 % similar to hot-looking characters in japanese anime? what is the safest city in india for women? what are the job prospects of chemical engineers after doing an ms?

apex society has often labelled china as a currency manipulator . if that is the case, then what should the renminbi be worth? what are some things that a straight man shouldn't do when he is with other straight men?

shah rukh khan is also married to priyanka chopra in transformers: age of extinction . in the movie, he sees an organic alien hand pressing a blue button . he says he's not a bad person if he doesn't agree with gay marriage .

indian tv shows always sticks to regressive topics why can't they make shows which would identify with the present generation like us? is it true that cmi/isi/iisc math students dont even speak to people who don't have minimum phd degree from a reputed institute in mathematics?

cnn's john sutter is launching a classifieds portal in illinois . he is looking for a creative name for his new company but it's star with "s" letters and 5 words . the fda has already approved experimental treatment for als sufferers .

a coin of "palms" found in michigan proves middle easterners got to the americas before columbus . if elected, how would the alberta party implement that platform? i want to opt for two pension schemes .

i'm a graduate student from eee stream . i am interested in machine learning . could a bot be made to automate the consultation of a car purchase . then have dealers, insurers, warranty, banks, and used car buyers compete? i delete tinder from my phone, will you still show up in the list of people who use the app to your friends?

the present malayalam cinema star wants to be a distributor in kolkata, india . he says he is repulsed by the idea of someone referring to him as a body . is it possible to make a system which can absorb whole energy and radiation of a nuclear bomb explosion .

i want to do ms in computer science from us, 5 yrs work exp. is it okay to do now? i have seen porn stars lick the asshole of the partner they will be doing . in how many ways can a person in india easily escape, even if he is involved in a murder?

cnn's nina dos santos has a score of 1490 (99th percentile) and an essay score of 6-5-6 (reading/analysis/writing) does universe expand because of some energy? can you go to jail for accidentally killing someone in a car accident?

catholics believe in the trinity, worship statues of jesus and mary, and statues and even body parts of saints . how soon does a word we experienced once start underoing decay before its representation in memory can be reinforced by another experience of it?

in netflix's $8.99 plan, the screens you can watch on at the same time are 2 . is there a benefit to being married or is it just the title that is important? if you saw someone flying a "rebel flag from the tailgate of their truck, would you automatically write them off as a bad person?

cnn's lauretta elmer is a binary options trader based in delhi, india . she says she believes in a structure of marriage that deepens the relationship . if 2 founders start a company with 50% each, what happens if one person plays a more prominent role?

nebosh igc certiified to work in london . he is taking the scenic painting exam for usa 829 . is it true that us pilots in iraq could not fire on an insurgent?

john sutter: i dropped maths in 12th. mumbai. i'm inviting my parents in uk . he asks: is quora considering allowing the "block" function to hide users and anything they post out of view? he says it's a way of disproving the conviction that reality is merely a construct of our mind .

i've attempted 50/100 marks in sa kvpy 2016 . i want to design mugs and sell them. where can i find cheap white mug and how to do it?

modi taunted 1.3 billion people at japan on demonetization with laughter, day later he is weeping like a kid . steve kornacki all of a sudden not hosting up at msnbc? what is the job scenario in civil engineering in canada?

trace a lost mobile using the imei number even after the sim card has been taken out . do you or do you know anybody who recovered (not transplant but improved their own kidney function) who went upto dialysis?

i'm an oracle pl/sql developer with 7.5 years experience . do you think it is easier to learn new subjects by yourself or do you have a teacher? i am a 10th grade student in the usa and moving to india .

in what ways does harry potter and the cursed child contradict the seven original books? i want to know what should i focus more in order to get admission to ids, sussex?

lxc containers show all host memory and cpu inside containers, but openvz shows only allocated resources . what are apple's main challenges for the upcoming (5/10/20) years? what is the difference between military and paramilitary forces?

i have 1500 usd and have been challenged to raise it to 1 million usd in 6 years . i am hosting a special dinner party and can invite two people- your favorite literary or historical figures . do you campaign have a definitive policy or belief in how we should manage our federal budget deficit?

i'm a semiconductor professional with 6 years experience willing to change to data science . at masters level i feel like a failure...is this normal (the feeling)? i want to create a math or science club at my school .

a cartoon's creator owns the characters . is it possible to trade like global macro traders as louis bacon, paul tudor jones, ray dalio and george soros as an individual trader?

i'm gonna enter college next spring semester . my goal after graduation is working for boston consulting group (bcg) i want to pursue my masters abroad after i finish my b.pharm in india . i remove quite a bit of lint every time i dry the towels . how do i set .htacces file for solving canonical issues .

fitness industry, using my masters in sports psychology, what are the best ways to do this? i want to write an essay based on the bim direction of engineering management master's thesis . how do you put money value to some social and economic benefits of a product that seem a bit intangible and not direct?

db2 luw wants to create (in my country) an online platform connecting homeowners and professionals in design and construction . have you ever seen a bek (black-eyed kid or adult) or non-human entities who ask to be invited into homes? what are the major milestones in natural language processing since 2010 and how ai (machine learning) will help to face the challenges ahead?

urjit patel: i'm a divorced, woman in my life who has 2 girl kids i am confused . he thinks he can be as good as raghuram rajan, can he get the indian economy up and running? he'd like to open a cafe in queen anne (seattle neighborhood)

i'm a 2nd year instrumentation engineering student at iit kharagpur and very interested in biomedical engineering . i understand emotions and noise level but what else?.i can see my girlfriend on whatsapp until late .

sneha from delhi was unable to study after 7th class due to family issue . apart from increasing my ielts score, what are the other ways of boosting my score? what is the correct punctuation for the following?

cnn's nina dos santos asks: "why choose a non technical job when you are from a technical background?" "i am confused if i should directly take up masters (and leave my job) or do a correspondance?" "what are some free music apps to download whereby you can download music when offline?"

i have a lot of guilt stemming from religious beliefs, especially concerning sexual activity . do i need a transit visa for a 19 hours layover in paris cdg airport even if i choose to stay at the airport?.what mod menu do you recommend for gta v on a ps3?

cnn's john sutter is an electrical engineer but now he wants to go with ccna . he says manny's inability to speak spanish in modern family is a realistic portrayal of young latinos in the us .

i'm not able to perform well in academics even though my parents support all my decisions . in the episode the study in pink, did sherlock pick up the good bottle or the bad bottle?

i'm having a very difficult time getting back into the workforce after a failed business . can you give some tips for succeeding in a marketing career after graduating from a top-20 indian b school? i bought an android tablet that should have 8gb of storage but it shows only 3.7gb .

buddha said "desire is the root cause of all evil" why is steve kornacki all of a sudden not hosting up at msnbc? why allow 'refugees' in europe when most are illegal immigrants?

i'm choosing an mba program in australia, and trying to decide between la trobe, deakin, and rmit . i just was given hundreds of baseball cards from the 1980s and 1990s . what are the essential physical tools that are necessary for a fashion designer to have at all times?

cse students are in a hackathon/topcoder/facebook hacker cup . cnn's nina dos santos asks: are you in the hackathon? dos dos and don'ts matter?

i failed all technical interviews at facebook, google, microsoft, amazon and apple . what is proof from quran and sunnah for giving 1/3rd meat of sacrificed animal of eid ul adha to poor people?

bbc podcasts ‘we are not madrasi’, a comedy on north vs south in india . south of india video on youtube is now trending world-wide . do you know any europeans who look like east asian but who are not?

student loan debt of employees in exchange for a minimum number of years working for company . what are some important topics related to finance and economics that one should know of . i want to implement tracking mechanism for chicken within 1m radius .

i'm looking for a free hashtag tool to know how many tweets a user posted with a specific hashtag . i have been depressed my entire life over my lack of wit and creativity . what are some good detective crime/drama/thriller movies which are kinda dark?

iit and nit's in india get so much admiration when most of them do not feature anywhere in top 100 globally . if you delete tinder from your phone, will you still show up in the list of people who use the app to your friends? i have heard that google does not pay more than us $1 per day, is that true? if donald trump wins the presidency, would congress allow him to ban all 

cnn's nina dos santos is interested in doing an ms in cs . she wants to earn using online surveys . how do i change the settings for my garmin vivosmart activity tracker?

an indian author is seeking an h1b visa to work in the u.s. what is the best visa consultants in hyderabad? what are the marks to be scored in comedk to get a seat in cse?

americana is an animal that has a single sex, how do we conclude that it is female? jordan belfort received $940,500 for the movie rights to his book the wolf on wall street . if you were born from another country and given a chance to migrate, would you rather move in china or the us?

do you think your patronus fits your personality? what did you get? i'm a b.com 1st year student, i want to know about gmat and how can i start preparing for it from now?

i have developed a prediction tool for alzheimer's as my phd thesis . can you share a photo of yourself aging over a span of 5 years? i know the basics of gd&t, but have no knowledge on how to use it on drawings .

tonight trump attacks china again! tonight he says china won't take care of north korea because they don't respect america . after four years in a relationship i'm losing interest in my boyfriend . what should i do?.does not taking antibiotics build your immune system?

nobel prize committee make a mockery of american literature by awarding this year's prize in literature to a songwriter, bob dylan . a female massage therapist licensed in new york, looking to relocate to santa barbara, california .

i'm a mechanical engineer. i dont like supercars or bikes. what do the different colors of hearts in emojis mean? what are some major pros/cons of cloudera vs. hortonworks as a hadoop platform?

garry kasparov: if people had to teach themselves, what would he suggest they use? oprah: "in the age of facebook, have face-to-face conversations even with people you disagree with" san francisco: companies in india hire a master's degree student in transportation engineering .

einstein: "science without religion is lame, religion without science is blind" fmcg brand spent 4 years developing both b2b and b3c . fyodor dostoyevsky was classified as a "most dangerous prisoner" during his time in siberia .

i want to quit smoking forever, but i am fed up with smoking everytime . i have a problem in remembering and repeating the sentence in the repeat sentence section of pte academic test . hillary clinton 's foreign policy regarding borneo pygmy elephants is not clear' i'm not sure if i should go vegan straight away or try a vegetarian diet first .

iran and russia are showing interest in cpec and the pakistani general is asking india to join . i deleted my x casual bf on whatsapp after he told me he cannot see me anymore . do you know of any employee's unions having plans to hold organizing skills training sessions for employees offshore .

i'm planning on starting a youtube gaming channel but i lack confidence . what are the top human challenges faced by organizations and how can they be addressed?

bob dylan has recently won the nobel prize for literature . is it true that in five or ten years most men will have a big penis due to penis transplants?

i forgot my facebook password and don't remember any information regarding the gmail id . i want to start (pet) polyethylene terephthalate recycling industry . how did this battle compare and contrast to the battle of port arthur?

data.gov.in and open government data scheme have helped you . i'm a mbbs student in india and would like to do my medical pg in australia . what are the drawbacks of indian democracy, secularism, and judicial system?

i quit my last 3 jobs within 2 months, 1 week, and 1 day. what subject will be the best for me after class 12 if i want to appear for upsc cse? what specialization for an m.s. in electronics and communication engineering has the best scope?

cnn's richard quest is a 31 year-old software developer that likes art, science, skiing, and hiking . quest: what is the best way to celebrate independence day or studying for the improvement of our country's future? quest: how do i find smart, genuine & civilized female strangers to befriend online instead of joining derogatory chat rooms?

neal stephenson made fun of schizophrenics in the novel reamde . do you think a guy walking in town in a fully unbuttoned shirt would be acceptable? if you were an rf engineer is it worth it to specialise in this field?

cna, ccnp and ccie certifications are more beneficial than fasting . medical cannabis is legal in california . airbnb's "instant book" option is a good way to book a room .

jason lemkin came up with the idea for ecosign and how did he kow that it would be a viable business? joe's av sells large screen flat panel tv's for 30% less than bestbuy and amazon . is president obama considered black -- considering his mother's white?

hillary clinton will be the oldest first spouse ever in u.s. history if she becomes president . ip university offers a free online course on the basics of 2g,3g,4g . what is the best advice for disaster management to save our documents if these tools fail?

cnn's nina dos santos is a php developer . she is looking for a job in embedded systems software engineering in the usa . do you think the riddler, the penguin and other villians would be portrayed in the nolan batman franchise?

in hbo's westworld, guests are allowed to kill hosts . indian girls are getting uglier, darker and greasier slowly with time . will there be other religious groups and more people taking to arms?

i'm currently an undergraduate in civil engineering from india . why didn't the mongols take & sell white european slaves (men, women & children) to central asians, chinese, koreans, tibetans, mongol tribes? what are the main issues that public property developments face in wisconsin?

cnn's nina dos santos asks: why is it ironical that the stock price goes up only when more people invest? do you really have to live at the same address to utilize the spotify "family plan"? does a strongly interacting dark matter which fills 'empty' space make too much sense?

storage startups such as nimble, pure, box, dropbox, nutanix etc keep loosing money . if a woman is into swimming, tulips, fashion, and butterflies for her bedroom theme, what would a man be into for his theme?.does the smartphone industries provide 2cm3 of internal space for a new product which protects their phone in accidental drops from 2–8 feet?

i want to show travel packages from different vendors like makemytrip, yatra and call . what are the most important factors to consider when choosing a surgeon for m-f surgery? i am an electrical engineering graduate and right now working in an it firm .

indian romantic novelist has 56 marks in jee 2016 . can i get computer engineering or ict in pdpu gandhinagar through all india category (35%)?.is work experience necessary for pursuing mims in uc berkeley?

angola's history was a result of the actions of its own people, says narendra modi . he asks: is there discrimination, inequality and hatred in the world if all humans are made of stardust, atoms, or energy? he also asks if a private tutor balances being fairly compensated for his/her skills with making them accessible for less privileged?

i'm 49 years old and can't help or stop believing that an e.l.e. will happen in my lifetime . i want to open a small sushi restaurant in lisbon portugal, which focus on take away .

cnn's nina dos santos asks: do people with add/adhd tend to talk a lot more and get lost in what they are saying? do members of the same party sit together in all legislatures of the world, or are there places where they are mixed up? did mukesh ambani know about demonetizing of 500s and 1000s notes?

after many failed relationships, how do you know if it's you or is it just a bad relationship? i forgot my facebook password and neither any information regarding the gmail id . i want to pursue mtech at iisc/top iits.please look into details provided .

akand sitra is a singapore based banking professional with 7 years of experience . he wants to move to fintech, but says he's not sure if he can afford it . sitra says the queen and other royals in the uk have no political power .

i'm thinking about taking the strengthsfinder 2.0 test, is there a real benefit of getting the top 5 strengths vs. the 34 strengths?.is it possible that the gods in ancient religions and myths aren't just myths and that they are talking about extraterrestrial beings?.does a strongly interacting dark matter which fills 'empty' space make too much sense for physicist

cnn's nina dos santos has a gpa of 58 percent . she has tried everything and it is still marked . do atheists think there is a creator for the universe?

islam forbids muslim women from marrying non-muslims . but islam men may marry any woman who follows a unitarian or monotheistic religion . why do we pay toll tax in india when we already pay road tax and vehicle tax?

cnn's nina dos santos asks: do "free the nipple" activists realize innocent photos will become child porn if they have topless female minors? do advertisers going to sue fb, cut their spending, or something else? hillary clinton thinks trade with china, mexico, and other countries is unfair .

da vinci code says that jesus still has a bloodline protected by some group of christians . is doing an mba in the us worth the cost for indian students? will they make more futuristic ones?

brahmin population in india is around 5% but when we go government office and observe then the brahmin employer is high majority . i'm 17 years old and i want to be a millionaire by 24 .

cnn's nina dos santos lists the best restaurants to try in saudi arabia . do women like men in flip flops? will a master's in engineering management enhance my degree? what would be the first thing you would do on hearing the news of a zombie apocalypse outbreak?

modi hunts for black money, his party colleague spends rs.500 crores on his daughter wedding . if we had to evacuate earth bringing only living and assuming resources are at hand, would elephants or india consider bringing elephants? if light does not have mass, how can it bend due to gravity?

edward bernay's book should one start with for the 'best' introduction to the man and his thoughts . if a movie were made on the life and career of an olympic gold medallist, what would be its opening and closing scene? ntse versus nsejs is there any commonality between these 2 exams?

jean ralphio saperstein stars as naruto shippuden's joe keery on "fantastic things" he is a vocational school graduate with a chemical engineering certificate and 1 year work experience . he wants to start his own shoe store business and sell his shoe stuff internationally .

i want to be a top class programmer in my life . i have failed so many times but am fed up with smoking everytime . how do i deal with a boss who plays favorites and doesn't acknowledge hard work of others?

the remains of the day's anthony hopkins is an ib analyst/equity analyst . he will be applying for a job at tcs, infosys and wipro in tamil nadu . hopkins has written a paper on phygital marketing . how much longer do you think it will take until most businesses will be open on christmas in the u.s.

i'm an experienced professional in my field of business and design . i want to make a cdna; there are oligo-anchored primers and random hexamer primers . will there be any protest against cast reservation or protest for reservation based on economic situation of individuals in india?

cnn's nina dos santos is a tech support engineer at hp . she wants to set up guidelines for the members of her mostly-virtual design agency . dos and don'ts: "if you are good at something, never do it for free" do you think the u.s. should implement the one child policy?

i'm 38, drawing 18 lakh ctc and 2 crores in stocks, is it right time to say good bye? did muhammad allow the muslims to put the word of god into written form and compile it into a book (koran) is omscs at georgia beneficial for getting jobs in india?

cnn's nina dos santos asks: should i go to an actual college or is it better to take courses online? does tdd evolve design or it just completes code coverage? is there any possibility of getting good it profiles vacancies in coimbatore?

cnn's nina dos santos asks: do women like men in flip flops? do islam say about homosexuals, their rights, marriage, punishment if any? can a newly recruited teacher make a name for himself very fast when it comes to recruiting students?

what is it like to be an aerospace engineering major at ga tech? what is the difference between a department store, a supermarket and a hypermarket? what are the main issues that public property developments face in wisconsin?

matlab programmer is a beginner in programming . he says he can only act and think in a short-term manner . there are few people who can read someone's mind correctly .

as a network administrator or web developer, i am a pakistani citizen . i graduated from the university of xxxx or u.s. university . is there any commercially available gadget/technology that can detect a person's blood pressure?

i am 38, drawing 18 lakh ctc and 2 crores in stocks, is it right time to say good bye? i would like to buy a portable c.b. radio with a scanner in case of emergency . can 2 level 6 lightning spell and 1 level 2 earthquake spell destroy 2 air defenses?.do you really have to live at the same address to utilize the spotify "family plan"

cnn's nina dos santos asks: how can i crack gpsc commercial tax officer preliminary and mains exams? do you think your pottermore patronus fits your personality? do "free the nipple" activists realize that if they succeed, innocent photos will become child porn?

hollywood/tv studios plans to make fictional movie about asiatic mongol's rule of eastern europe (golden horde) will it be cool?.did william casey (cia director) really say, "we'll know our disinformation program is complete when everything the american public believes is false?.do you know of any employee's unions having plans to hold union organizing skills training sessions for low-wage

in the past 200 years history, which countries have committed atrocities to philippines people? .what are the two famous open problems that george dantzig mistook for homework and solved while being a graduate student at berkeley?

cnn's nina dos santos asks: why is india dreaming of using exile tibetans to distabolise china? does a master's degree (necessarily) improve the chance of getting into a good phd program? do movies look smooth at 24 fps, but video games look terrible at 24?

i'm looking to switch from android to ios . how do you calculate the maximum value of vin so that the amp is used below compression in a theoretical non-linear amplifier?.what is the importance of human relationships? why do we need people?

i am an electrical engineer, should i leave this job for govt job preparation? i'm a relatively new user to quora . do muslims know what prophet muhammad looks like from the hadith or the koran? do you feel it is facebook's fault that people do not research information for themselves?

iphone was not the first touchscreen phone, nor the first phone with apps, so in what way did it 'change everything'? i have a 2.71/4.0 gpa majoring in architecture and work experience outside the eu, can i do a masters in seville university?

do people with ocd repeat words and sentences? i found on multiple websites, that this is a symptom . i want to study in usa (canada optional) is it possible to get scholarship on basis of ielts and sat scores?

cnn's john sutter asks: should i go to the uk or the us to study economics? red pill makes you fluent in every human language; blue pill makes me master of every musical instrument . he says he'd like to see a chinese aircraft carrier, but it won't be able to compete with u.s.

in the 70s and 80s, was the australian film industry plagued with pedophiles and drug users, or is this just a myth? if dark and vacuum energy are created with expansion is there potential energy that transforms into these types of energy with expansion?

and vacuum energy are created with expansion is there potential energy that transforms into these types of energy with expansion? is consumerism the same as doing charity except that it drives business? is what is mistaken for clumpy dark matter the state of displacement of the strongly interacting dark matter?

do retailers incur missed deliveries in their own supply chain? what is it like to be a summer student at wesleyan university, ct? is it okay for parents to tell their kids that the world revolves around them?

cnn's john sutter asks: why is quora more interested in defending users that attack others? did jesus use the word 'ahayah' to represent himself at any time of his life? does green tea actually help with weight loss?

gb ram is touted to be able to compete with more than 2 g ram of android phones . a blind person, from birth, dreams of seeing sights in a dream state . can someone give me a minimal amount of libraries for frontend on node/express?

apart from post graduation, what are the options to get back to electronics? what are some examples of tech entrepreneurs who founded large successful companies while simultaneously being married with kids to raise up?

xiomi 3s has low price so is it working properly or not should i purchase it considering its specification? i completed my post graduation in chemical engineering. can i get phd admission in economics or sociology in india? am i eligible?

lalu prasad yadav: can a company with an in house google ppc accredited professional become a google partner even if they are not an agency? i want to know has anyone here ever married a woman from the philippines and if so what was the process like?

cnn's nina dos santos asks what does "authentic" mean in terms of food . hotdog or pie eating contests, celebrating dangerous levels of gluttony, allowed in public venues . is company secretary a good career option to take up in india?

i'm holding a tunisian passport and living in dubai, uae . what are some ways to prepare for an mba program? what certifications can be pursued which would add value?

dawson's creek actor james van der beek is an american citizen applying to universities in the us from a high school in the u.s. did bill gates really say, "if i would be given a chance to start all over again, i'd choose network marketing" what are good gifts for a foreign visitor to bring when invited to someone's home in libya?

i'm having the same thought for hours or days, silently arguing with people . was the movie "unstoppable" based on a true story? i am a straight guy who is attracted to feminine-looking guys as well as women.

embedded ask fee from fresher graduates, are they genuine? robert frost: is it true that the quds force nurtured the taliban and al qaeda in an effort to destabilize the middle east? virtual reality technology, is it possible to feel someone touching you without physically being in the same room?

did jason bourne and nicky parsons have a relationship in the bourne directory? if so, what was the result of their relationship?.what hotel in koro hills hill-station would be safe for unmarried couples, without harassment of police, hotel staff, and moral police?

cnn's john sutter asks if there is evidence to the apple and newton story . he says he thinks he is a psychopath because he can turn emotions on and off . batman is one of the top 10 pop artists in thailand, he also has a diploma in mechanical engineering .

do actors and actresses really have sex when they are shooting the scene? if not, how did they make it so real? what causes blue veins to be prominently visible on your hand or arms? what are some clever teacher responses to excuses high school students give for not completing homework assignments?

in 2016, which of these is the best solution for paying casually, digitally -- venmo, paypal, square, or facebook messenger payments? in the crossroads scene in the movie cast away, did chuck end up going back to that women with the wings symbol? what is the effect of the divided government during the w. bush administration?

cnn's neil richards has been unable to find a job in the u.s. what are some endangered species in the tropical rainforest? can a uae driving licence be used in other countries? what is the best, least expensive moving company that also provides long term storage .

new jersey is mocked as being "the armpit of america" is this mockery deserved? are there any societies or groups who are or have been resisting the goals of freemasons and the order of the illuminati? do we have the correct science as to why glass is clear?

cnn's nina dos santos asks: is it possible to get without office? do students of indian universities other than the top ones get into world class universities? private engineering colleges are forcing staffs to attend college on independence day under the threat of loss of pay?

a phd in computer science focused on machine learning after an bs and ms in mathematics . did napoleon introduce the family name? and if so, are there at the moment the same number of surnames as back then?

i forgot my password for the uan (universal account number) and changed the mobile number . i'm a beginner blogger and want to own my blog content . which is the best blogging platform for personal blogging besides wordpress?

tina chow died of aids at the age of 41 while her husband michael is still alive . is it better to be above average at everything, or a master at a few things? is it a good idea to switch from .net to big data and hadoop?

authors allowed to disable comments to their questions on quora . author: "this seems to be a rather blatant form of cowardice" author: i want to get over of being cheated on .

khan: if universe expands without limit and dark/vacuum/gravitational energy is created with it, is potential energy infinite? in star wars, when a ship goes into lightspeed or hyperspace, how does it not crash into space debris, planets, stars?

in pokemon go!, there are some arrows with numbers pointing where to find pokemons . in thermopile, why do we connect thermocouples in a series? in bhuta kola, are north indians entitled to conduct a worship in mangalore? i try to identify influential authors from publication database (dblp)

indians eat pheasant, grouse, goose, partridge, quail, guinea pig, rabbit& frog . if you want to become a lord or baron in modern day england, what is the best way to go about it?

pmo best practices: ensure project activity is in synch with business priorities . in what ways is 50 shades of grey based on twilight? do you know if a cop is telling the truth?

dharmendra deol wants to shadow dieticians in a hospital in india . he says his narcissist ex used to coerce him into sex . but he fears he hasn't prepared enough for a job in france .

jakarta is more advanced city (infra structure wise) than mumbai . if a slim and a fat man ran to the top of hill at the same time, which one has greater power? did sadiq khan threaten donald trump in saying muslims should be let into america?

world population grew by factor of 7 in 200 years . what is the best size and dpi for a .22 pistol for self defense?.do herbariums have a standard sheet size that needs to be used?

the indian cinema and tv shows thrive on misogyny and reflect a collective mindset of the people of india . if we were not limited by money, what would be the most technologically advanced underwater habitat we could make using current technology?

gst bill passed by indian government on wednesday . danza kuduro's eargasmic song is a must-read for anyone who wants to be a good software engineer .

samsung note facing worse response and company is on the risk of facing huge loss... didn't company test it carefully before launching it? what is a cost of a prescription that includes barbiturates, caffeine, and advil kill a migraine in less than 10 minutes?

i had a bad day on the very first day of the new year 2017 . i want to participate in the next google summer of code (gsoc) i have full time offers from groupon and amazon in india for the role of sde 1 .

cnn's nina dos santos asks: is it okay to have sex with other people while on a break? does a particle's spin come from the fact that it has mass? does spin have anything to do with gravity? can you open a fba account with just a po box if you don't want to ship from your home address?

swami vivekananda: should you sacrifice your goals for your family? walden media's contract will be extended . what is the most respected certification a product manager can have at a consumer internet company .

cnn's john sutter is attending the google summer of code (gsoc) in november . he'd like to set up a tech recruitment agency based in the uk . other than golf, what hobbies in 2014 (or better yet, the future) will be most conducive to building business relationships?

i want to open a fashion boutique where under one roof where they find everything . what makes negan on the walking dead such a great villain? what is the significance of the battle of somme and what are some common diseases that affect it?

cdse 2016 merit list is already out . is there a chance for tes 36 merit to come out in just few days?.what event(s) do you do and why?

puerto rico should be a us state? are there any other us territories that you think could earn statehood? if there ever was a bengali version of batman movies, who would be the perfect lead actor to play batman?

ae dil hai mushkil and bash shivaay is a b.sc computer science student studying at loyola chennai . if you could just pick up and move right now to live anywhere in the world where would you live and why? i am 5 foot 6 tall and slim. tell me some reasons why you should envy him too .

in the past 200 years history, which countries have committed atrocities to philippines people? is it wrong to expect a virgin life partner? is there a word or idiom that describes someone who borrows and returns things in damaged form?

i hear a lot of people using the term "tool" when they describe others . i want to get rid of stretch marks, dimples and cellulite on the back of my legs and bum in 1 month . do people with ocd repeat words and sentences?

i need help naming characters for my book! two boys (twin names) one girl! i have a 3 yr bachelor's degree in computer science, can i sit for or am i eligible for the gate exam? what is the difference between editorial review and peer review?

sanjana saves kabir in hindi movie 'alone' even when she is shown as an evil spirit . is it true that a bad marriage can potentially kill a man?

the gst bill has been passed by the indian government, how will it impact the lives of the common people? if man is inherently good then why all the bad news plaguing our planet?

i have scored 59.2% in my 12 boards exam and want to pursue cse . if universe expands without limit and dark/vacuum/gravitational energy is created with it, is potential energy infinite? i'm not sure if i should give my ex-girlfriend sex every time she wants it .

british actor rey has an english accent and finn an american one in the force awakens . can a user run too many ad blocking apps or extensions while surfing the internet thus causing reduce performance from the browser? what is the precise meaning of the sanskrit word ?

i forgot my password for the uan (universal account number) and changed the mobile number . could anyone suggest a workflow, paper or available service for this problem? i want to take admission in fergusson college, pune next year (for 11th nd 12th).

do you really think it is to promote cricket? do you think the fake iranian jet plane prove that nasa, russian, chinese, pakistani, israeli, and indian space and missile programs are hoaxes? do international relations ma from uk universities transfer over to the us?

if a bollywood movie were made on the life and career of dhirubhai ambani, what would be its scene just before the-end? what are hadoop, sas, and r, and what are the relationships between them?

indonesia is a much friendlier country than u.s., says naomi campbell . campbell has a chronic medical condition and wants to pursue a career in law . he asks if he should be allowed to forbid his son to hang out with his friends for 3 months .

singapore and malaysia have a lot more in common than the former . how can mary inherit downton abbey from matthew in season 4? . what hotel in deolo hills hill-station would be safe for unmarried couples?

dhirubhai ambani's pork and egg dish originated in southeast asian countries . if a bollywood movie were made on his life and career, what would be its scene? if you could just pick up and move right now to live anywhere in the world where would you?

samantha loves 641 people . i decided to become a youtuber . how can i start my own multlibrand men clothing and accessories with discounts?

elon musk, mark zuckerberg: why are they so successful? how would you feel if someone just walked out of your life without explanation? what is solipsism? is there any reason to believe it is true?

cnn's nina dos santos asks: why do startups crave to set up shop in san francisco city? do you think that this world is really fair? is there anything like karma? do we really reap what we sow?

i am a b.tech(ece) fresher in jaipur . did you like the norwegian film "turn me on, dammit!"? is it correct that personality has a lot to do with people who are open to change and to new technology?

i love the taste of raw chicken. but people say it will it kill me. are they just being too worried? after demonetization, why can't he take an initiative of making his own party funds cashless?

bollywood movie about ravishankar jayadritha shastri would be its opening scene . if a woman became sore after her first orgasm is there any way to get her to be multi-orgasmic? is it harmful to our mental health if we keep feeling sad that we have not found our life partner?

the average size of an adult human penis varies among people from different continents or ethnic groups . i have been denied a chinese z-visa due to prior us military experience . is it possible for someone skilled enough to get into a tech company with only and only with a nanodegree?

at what age did you lose your virginity, and did you have regrets? if a bollywood movie were made on the life and career of pravin kalyan amre, what would be its opening scene? is breathing co2 itself deadly, or does it have to do with proportion of co2 to oxygen?

the u.s. government has closed the russian rt tv channel london bank account . a new ban of 500 and 1000 rupee notes could help bring back money from swiss banks . what are the implications of the override of obama's veto to 9/11 victims bill?

i've decided i need a logo for my blog. which one do you think is the best design? i got scammed from paying on paypal by friends and family. is automation a threat to typical blue-collar jobs?

i'm a 15 year old male and want some advice on having sex . is it possible to live an ecocentric life where we learn to respect the non-human entities as much as fellow humans? is it true that a person is comatose for three months, and they get thin as a stick, how would they walk?

cnn's nina dos santos has created a fragrance but is struggling with a catchy name . she says her boyfriend dumped her because she's not like other girls who wear makeup and fashionable clothes . does it mean that he only wants to have sex with you?

indians are obsessed with hacking their friend's facebook or whatsapp . tinder users of bangalore, the hell do you expect when you write in your profile "not looking for hook ups" .

kapalbhati pranayam is a blog post about a successful long distance relationship . besides insulting anyone, what are the best and worst things about public transit in buenaventura, valle del cauca, colombia?

bharti university is good for pursuing ms in counselling & psychotherapy via distance learning . india's ideal partner for energy security in the future, given its heavy dependence on the middle east for oil . if all the major technology companies merged to form one, huge mega company, who would it be and why?

mollywood actress parvathy nair was an alumni of mit manipal cse branch . she has taken admission in uit rgpv bhopal in it branch for best package and placement . will the european union survive its current crisis of confidence?

ahmar bel khatt el aarid presented by malek maktabi is one of the best ways to get out of paying a change fee . as a tamilian, is it safe to plan to pursue my higher studies in manipal university in the next 2-3 months?

i'm pursuing my 2nd year in journalism and mass communication under calcutta university . what are the best and worst things about public transit in srinagar, jammu & kashmir, india? what are my options with 401k so that i can use it in india?

i'm an engineering student, and assignements require us to use software like matlab-symulink or mathematica . which headphone is the best, among sennheiser cx 180 in-ear-canalphone, soundmagic es18, creative ep-630 earphone in-the-ear headphone, or skullcandy s2dudz-072 headphones?.

i've been on quora for one day and people have already requested that i answer six questions . i have over $150,000 in student loans. what is the best way to tackle this debt, on a $50,000 salary?

ipo has proven to be the most successful way with the highest success rates . i want to order an electric guitar from china through aliexpress... how much custom duty will i have to pay in india . what are the most important achievements of swami vivekananda .

the martian's matt damon could not grow more potatoes using the poop logic he used for the first time . how do you find a cook or maid in bangalore and what are the problems faced in the hiring process? what hotel in srinagar hill-station would be safe for unmarried couples, without the harassment of police .

the u.s. president travels in the air force one. how do the cars used by him and the secret service travel? what are some local laws in regards to nudity in vermont? what is the proper way to pick basil leaves off of a basil plant to ensure it will continue to grow?

indian law permits people to carry currency outside india . if jake williams was real would danny roman have been charged with other crimes or would have been let go? is bihar really at 19th position in terms of crime rates?

after demonetization, which is next step that needs to be taken by indian government to prevent black money and corruption? .what is the difference between re-recording and bgm in film making?.how can i manage between coaching and school due to which my concepts are poor?.what are the main characters of "end of the game" by julio cortazar, and how do they relate within the novel?

cnn's nina dos santos asks: why did jennifer aniston go braless in many episodes of friends? does magic by magicians like dynamo and criss angel real or is it just tricks? is it possible to connect my xbox 360 to my 2014 imac so i can use the screen as a display?

cnn's john defterios asks what colleges in the us meet demonstrated need of international student . if someone offered you $1,000,000 to stand in the middle of time square and yell "allah akhbar!", would you do it? what are the major private equity conferences around the world, and is it worth it for a small fund to attend?

i graduated with 51% in b.com from gujarat university . i am planning to start a home-based saree business with a small investment .

cnn's nina dos santos asks: is it okay to record phone-calls in india without informing the other person if it is to prove some illegal activity? do people who believe the earth is flat also believe all the other planets that have been discovered are also flat? does ureaplasma live in symbiosis with a kind of bacteria or fungus?

i have cleared ssc cgl tier 1 exam. how should i prepare to get up to 350 marks in tier 2?.what hotel in pachmarhi hill-station would be safe for unmarried couples, without the harassment of police, hotel staff, and moral police?.why do the private companies give only three months of maternity leave in india while according to rule it's six months?

cnn's nina dos santos asks: why don't we just have laws to lower the cost of living? she says if someone offered you $1,000,000 to stand in the middle of time square, would you do it? she asks, is it wrong to give my mom's cousin a massage? do you want to kill someone but not hurt any living creature?

the founder/ceo of a new commercial real estate firm brokered eight off-market sales totaling $10 million . is there an attempt to change the demographic of west bengal to isolate it, thereby isolating the rest of northeast india?

cnn's nina dos santos asks: is it too late to prepare for ias? is numismatics a form of black money? is it compulsory to mention work experience while applying for upsc? do you need a server to support openvpn with 60 clients, streaming low-quality videos?

i want to go to an international school in korea, japan and china . i am doing b-tech it from not so good govt college in mp . supreme court directed all cinema halls across the country to play national anthem .

i have two options to do my research in phd, virtual reality and flexible display . what are some local laws in regards to nudity in vermont, and how do they differ from maine? what are the requirements to be considered for the u.s. air force?

supreme court directed all cinema halls across the country to play the national anthem before the start of a film . what hotel in kufri hill-station would be safe for unmarried couples, without the harassment of police, hotel staff, and moral police?

after demonetization, do you think it's time for india to adopt a one child policy? after ivf, a non-jew would be able to use borneo pygmy elephants in newly created universes . i'm a student at tcs's assurance services and would like to work for them .

the beatles song is called "till there was you" in the lord of the rings . is it possible to reduce the time you have to live in norway to get citizenship?

eliezer yudkowsky: what role will tyler alterman play in shaping what matters most . he asks: what books and websites are recommended to learn about app development . what hotel in kalpetta hill-station would be safe for unmarried couples?

aaha kalyanam tamil movie bluray disc in india, if its not possible at least a 1080p print . is it against the law for religious parents to force their children to go to church and believe what they believe? by the year 2017, is android app development expected to generate more jobs than windows and ios app development and why?

bollywood is based in mumbai, a city in maharashtra, and not anywhere in the hindi region . what are the laws regarding license plate lighting in ontario and what fines are associated? what is the best free mobile app for spying on an android phone .

cnn's nina dos santos asks: when will the british pound stop falling against the polish zloty? she asks, is there an os x app with an "auto crop borders" feature similar to that offered by irfanview app on windows?

cnn's nina dos santos asks: is it possible to get an entry level web developer job in silicon valley, through mooc's? does it mean that their potentiality or potential energy is infinite? what evidence was there that talia did or did not have romantic feelings for [character]?

india's gdp is expected to reach 10 trillion usd if growth is about 6-7 percent every year . what hotel in srinagar hill-station would be safe for unmarried couples? how did andrew jackson's presidency pay of the national debt? what are the reasons why this has not been replicated today?

cnn's nina dos santos has lost the usb receiver of her wireless mouse . does this mean i have schizophrenia? or is there a possibility that? she wants to become an ias officer, but is a loser .

what do you think of the movie fantastic beasts and where to find them? what role will adam marblestone play in shaping what matters most to eliezer yudkowsky? what are the best anime series to watch like attack on titan, fullmetal alchemist, black butler, and blue exorcist?

bangladesh already got 41 billion dollar from china as one belt road but seems less overhyped than pakistan . what role will donald trump play in shaping what matters most to eliezer yudkowsky? how do you get users to share and promote your service if they often conceal it from their boss or clients?

if donald trump becomes president can he kick out all of the hispanics and muslims even if they are us citizens?.do white people in japan feel they're the best treated foreigner by japanese natives compared to other ethnicities?.what hotel in darjeeling hill-station would be safe for unmarried couples, without the harassment of police, hotel staff, and moral police

cnn's bryan cranston has a mba degree from an ordinary college . he says he wants to create an amazon-like online store in latin america . "malcolm in the middle" is set to be released in 2016 .

i'm a student looking for anopportunity to teach italian in sharjah this summer . i spend lot of time myself so i could finger out and listen to what is inside people's hearts and heads . what hotel in kurseong hill-station would be safe for unmarried couples?

ms dhoni: the untold story (2016 movie) was greenlit in india . why do road users in india not follow basic safety rules even if we have the highest accident and death rates? if you want to become a ui designer, what major(s) would you recommend for college?

tyrion lannister asks: "do you know that health coaches guide individuals or groups to their best health?" a b.tech in mechanical engineering in a state level college in india would be safe for unmarried couples, without the harassment of police, hotel staff, and moral police? "i have to choose hawaii or australia. which one should i choose?"

elon musk uses strategy to learn things and what should we do to be smart like him? niharika: i am mid level experienced it developer with no aspiration for development . kvpy sa 2016: how does it compare to previous year papers?

william lane craig vs sam harris: are the foundations of moral values natural or supernatural? will the cia find my misdemeanor crime expunged and cleared when i was a teen? are there any social enterprises that give paid or free legal services?

supreme court directed all cinema halls across the country to play the national anthem before the start of a film . can only sucking a woman's breasts make her climax?.are humans only body and soul, or is there more?.what shoes do army men use in field? can dms be used for trekking purpose?

how did sherlock fake his death in the series? it was shown in 2 ways . in the u.s., is it customary to pay the marked price for antiques or to try to negotiate a lower price?.what is the benefit of using ultrasound as compared to audible sound waves in echo-sounding (mapping)

ucsi university is a good university for international students to study management . in the u.s., does the president's bedroom change when there's a new president? in india, is it time that the political parties should be banned from the campus of universities?

cnn's nina dos santos asks: is the term "revenue profile" a real term? does it take 10 yards to get a first down in the nfl - and was this always the rule?.what is the difference between the gre and the gmat?

cnn's nina dos santos asks: what would be today's technology had we never realized the value of binary numbers and harnessed it to produce digital technology? do foreign investors need to be accredited in the us if they invest in delaware registered startups based in other countries? what are the implications of 3d scanning and printing on intellectual property law?

if you compare the risk of crime to the gain of it, would the result, on average, be poitive or negative? what role will hillary clinton play in shaping what matters most to eliezer yudkowsky?

cse at bhagwan mahaveer institute of engineering and technology, sonipat is affiliated from ggsipu . what are the reasons for poor drainage system in india?

japan is legal to marry in the us, but is it legal in the u.s.? why did jennifer aniston go braless in many episodes of friends? why do celebrities think we care about their political opinions?

mba in sports management course offered by symbiosis school of sports science . what hotel in dehradun hill-station would be safe for unmarried couples? what programming language(s) were used?

deepika padukone and priyanka chopra will succeed in hollywood . all supreme court justices come from very elite law schools . is a karambit a good weapon for self defense?

cnn's nina dos santos asks: what are some local laws in regards to nudity in vermont? do you need to turn off your computer if it's stuck on the loading screen? can you use famous characters from movies and tv shows as a fake profile?

india should adopt a one child policy, maybe a two child policy at the most . hillary clinton's policy towards india if she gets elected as the president of the u.s. of america . do you think screenshots from the game "the turing test" are ciphers?

after demonetization, what is the next step that needs to be taken by indian government to prevent black money and corruption? what are the requirements to be considered for the u.s. air force and how do these requirements compare to germany's?

cnn's john sutter looks at the effects of the divided government during the kennedy administration . did it have a positive or negative effect?.does suppressing your temperature increase the duration of the cold?.what are some examples of "unfair advantages" that cities have among their competitors?

bhagavad gita is pursuing a mca from ignou, india . he says he believes that "everything happens for a good purpose" he also believes that syrians and iraqis have been killed in the last 10 days .

antonio has a deep prejudice against shylock . can infinite energy be created in an expanding universe . is it correct to reason that the sunni in saudi arabia have no choice but to support the house of saud?

can you solve a global issue through innovation by combining these random nouns to invent a solution?.what emotions are experienced by an unmarried muslimah from an orthodox family when she gets naked first time with a guy?.where do you find the mashup video in which there are cut scenes of barack and michelle obama expressing their love?

cnn's basha tamil asks: is it important for judges to always enforce the exclusionary rule? does it mean that light can't escape a black hole, does that mean it is being sucked in faster than its speed?.do you believe that any type of sexual relations between two consenting adults should be legal or are there exceptions?

i'm an international student from china . i have watched dexter and breaking bad what should i watch now if i like crime shows about the criminal? i would trade 5 iq points for a life of guaranteed financial security .

i was working on a startup idea from 3 months and google launched same product today . do you believe we live a computer simulation and if so do you know people that are just ai simulations?

do you find it hypocritical that the play hamilton supports inclusion yet charges thousands of dollars to go and see? do volcanoes within the pacific ring of fire form a circle or are they somehow interconnected beneath the ground? are there secret underworld cultures in particular cities around the world?

i have forgotten my username and password of my tp-link router . i want to buy a new semi-electric guitar of around rs. 15,000... what would be the best guitar to choose? i'm looking for a way to make sure you're not unintentionally reusing someone else's book idea .

cnn's nina dos santos asks: is it still possible that general relativity will be superseded in the future? do you replace voltage sources with short circuits and current sources with open circuits in thevenin's and norton's theorem? what restaurants should you try when visiting bareilly, uttar pradesh, india?

koena who can remember scraps of information about co-workers is a memory girl or attentive watcher or simply mental case . kashmiri muslims in quora who joined indian army? why did they join?

sony vaio e series laptop so that i can boot from usb? in what ways does holi impact a business? indonesia has one of the lowest crime rates around or under-reported crimes in any country.

cnn's nina dos santos is a first-year law student at government law college,mumbai . she asks what is the eligibility criteria to sit in campus placement for companies like google, facebook, microsoft and other tech giants . do companies like tcs, infosys, cts, wipro recruit graduates with a backlog in a paper in any semester?

if mark zuckerberg were to build facebook today, what would be the best technology stack to go with? what role will obama play in shaping what matters most to eliezer yudkowsky?

eliezer yudkowsky's new book, friendly agi/the singularity, is out now . it looks at the future of sex in society - whether it is a big deal, a small deal or somewhere in between .

aristotle said philosophy should lead to eudamonia, "the good life" but doesn't morality inhibit happiness? karlheinz stockhausen: if you could create a micro-nation, what characteristics would it have?

cim banque is opening a business account in switzerland . cnn's john sutter is a rational thinker, he asks: "how can i think more with my emotions or my gut instead of my mind?" "does indonesia have one of the lowest crime rates around" "how do you tell the difference between a bug bite and a staph infection

the martian's mark watney's morals were demonstrated in 3 scenes in the book . is it possible to get back the whatsapp messages and images which were deleted from my phone a year ago?.would lowering the age limit of juveniles from 18 to 16 years in india reduce the incidence of juvenile crimes?

srk and aamir have a good number of fans on quora . salman khan is posting in india and then he goes to the wrong mcdonald's . is it possible to create your own car insurance company?

i am an mba graduate, looking for specialization courses in marketing . my mobile number seems to be registered with a uan that doesn't belong to me . can anyone suggest me which i have to choose in tibco?

the ancient aliens theory is still a fringe theory, or has it become a well-known theory? if you think therefore you are, then do you then not exist? what is a non-technical class that all engineers should take during their time in college?

cnn's john sutter asks: is it better to apply for a job through linkedin or via email? does teaching kids about money at an early age boost the economy of a country? is it true that women wear watches on their right hands and men on left (as general rule)?

i am an accountant but now that i've qualified, i don't want to be an accountant . i have a composite score of 688.5 and 92.14 percentile in mat dec 2016 . would you trade 5 iq points for a life of guaranteed financial security?

cnn's nina dos santos has been selected for the mdi gurgaon wat-gdpi stage . she will be in san diego for 2 days and will be looking for a job in the civil services . do you have any health benefits to male circumcision? if so, why is it still practised in the us?

cnn's nina dos santos is planning to move from mangalore to gurgaon . she asks: will tiltrotors or compound helicopters become more prevalent in the future? she also wants to know the best way to prepare for the indian patent agent exam . do you have any advice for president duterte on how to improve our nation?

supriya sule: "most of us are never going to be famous. i'm miserable with this realization" she asks: is it possible to fall in love with more than one woman / girl in the same period of time? she says it's possible to get into us universities as an international student or a domestic student .

i am doing a bs in physics. will i be able to get into an engineering school for a master's? what do you think about having a prime ministerial debate in india like they have presidential debate in the us?

i'm a student of class 11th and am interested in cars and technology . i want to build a friendship with foreign strangers . what are the top forums for cpg and the retail industry .

aristotle said philosophy should lead to eudamonia, "the good life" but doesn't morality inhibit happiness? what are the basic spices used to make a good indian curry?

i abandoned the rituals for a long time but now i regret what should i do . i want to become a gigolo in bangalore .

i have trouble showing my boyfriend how deeply i care about him . 1000 and 500 notes have been banned in indian . is it possible to ask a demon to possess an item? if so, how?

a friend of mine has blocked me on whatsapp . i need a technical solution to unblock myself . is there anyone alive today who still has the last name hitler? if so, how do they deal with it?

i'm a current biology major and considering becoming a wildlife rehabilitator . i have heard that it is dangerous to travel to argentina right now as an american tourist . what is the alternative to fame?

i have scored 106 in jee (mains) 2016 . is reserving few lok sabha seats good for india? is there an open source project similar to harvest or toggl for managing my projects?

i have a four-year-old daughter who shows interest in chess . do the airbags of a car get deployed if another vehicle crashes into it from behind? is it normal to not get attracted to any women but one’s wife/girlfriend when you are in a committed relationship?

i feel like disappearing from this world. does anyone feel the same? from which star wars movie should i watch if i haven't ever watched it? how do transgenders live in india?

jesus christ was circumcised on the eighth day, did his foreskin come back again after his ascension and resurrection? did the incas possess a knowledge of genetics far superior to the present one to create 5000 varieties of potatoes?

cnn's nina dos santos asks: what is the best way to secure a ta/ ra position at stony brooks university while pursuing ms in cs? does cbse provide any class 12th pass (aissce) certificate also?

i'm an ece student, 2nd year completed, studying for the discovery channel . do sleeping pills make the human die if overdosed? are there free hotlines for people who feel depressed to dial in asia?

there is no specified deadline on the official google website . what are the top risks (positive and negative) that could disrupt world economy in next 3, 5 and 10 years?

cnn's john sutter is a fresher at ericsson india global service . he's between jobs and looking for work . the tamil letters aa() and ko () are meaningful like words .

the universe and can we visit them far in the future or in the afterlife?.does master of commerce (applied finance) from the university of queensland have value if i intend to work in australia?.what are some good australian videos about domestic violence towards men that would be suitable to show high school students?

i want to be a billionaire by the time i'm 60. what should i do?.what is the percentage of a reservation quota sc,st, and obc population in india as compared to the general category?.who is the best television chef? guy fieri, alton brown, gordon ramsay, mario batali, anthony bourdain,

india is a "beggar-free nation" - what will stop us? is it possible to make india a beggar free nation? what are the best places to buy formal wear (i.e., suits) for young adults?

cnn's john sutter asks readers what it's like to be in an incestuous relationship . he asks: is the past tense of "cost" still "cost?" is there ever a time when "costed" may be used? is it acceptable for your partner to insist on you seeking counselling?

cnn's nina dos santos asks: what are the main differences between a bachelor's and a graduate degree in computer science in terms of career prospects? does society prefer to idolise movies stars and models over people who do great things, like scientists or humanitarians? do you need to be a certified real estate agent or broker in order to become a real estate investor?

i'm a business infromatics student planning to pursue a master's degree in (engineering and electronics) is it compulsory to write both the nata and the jee main paper 2 to get an admission in iit? is there any purely scientific evidence that supports the idea that there may be life after death, in any form?

brahmin guy is an indian civil engineering graduate who wants to work in the middle east . he asks: is it worth it to be in an incestuous relationship with first blood relatives or siblings? he also asks why people who have mongoloid features are placed under the asian category .

bharat mata: within how much time president of u.s. would get assassinated if security is pulled out? i'm an indian citizen living in san francisco, can i vote in the upcoming 2014 election without going to india? what is the significance of the blue falcon award?

cnn's nina dos santos asks: is there infinite potential energy that transforms into kinetic energy (of expansion) all the time? did doug kill rachel in episode 39 of house of cards and if so, why did he do it? is it possible to retrieve whatsapp data once deleted just with the help of mac address of an android?

university of north carolina at charlotte and oklahoma state university in ms in computer science . what are the limits and strengths of using relational databases for online transaction processing (oltp) and online analytical processing .

cnn's nina dos santos asks: what is the best linux distro for a beginner? does bargaining and, or negotiating prices make you look poor or mean that you are poor? does the bombing of hiroshima have a chemotherapy effect on anybody?

how many birds collide with each other during flight each day? if jesus christ was circumcised on the eighth day, did his foreskin come back again after his ascension?

cnn's john sutter asks: is it possible to get a specialisation on coursera? he says it's easy to obtain a financial aid, but is it worth it? a ug student can apply under mitacs, but can he get an internship? if so, what are the pros and cons of starting a business?

do people ever get tired of the water in venice? what is the best linux distro for a beginner? aws cloud architect or golang api software engineer?

cnn's nina dos santos asks: is input better than onvia, or is there a better alternative? does the official ets gre guide ebook, include practice tests, that come with the cd? is it possible to extract electricity from 3.5mm jacks on planes to power a mobile?.what are some difficult riddles that have an answer so obvious that it will make

reliance jio is a podcaster in india with no budget . if there is one person that you could kill and get away with it, who would you kill and why? is it awkward to swallow saliva when other people are watching you?

the colaba social franchise in mumbai to open up a new outlet in suburbs . what academic factors can save you if you have a poor gpa, so that you can get into stanford university?.what are the best and worst things about public transit in jiangsu, china?

iit alumni were supposed to work for the development of india rather than working for in abroad for money . i'm making flats in kharar, mohali, punjab and could not attract customers . how often do you learn new technologies and how many hours do you spend in a week when you're learning?

andy weir: do most people in stem occupations have the attitude of mark watney? he asks: what difference does it make if i drink water stored in a stainless steel, silver, copper, clay, or glass jug? andy: is it stupid to want to get dressed up every day so people can judge you on a pretty scale?

do black children need to stand for the national anthem in school? what is the average cost to produce a course like those on coursera or lynda? what hotel would be safe for unmarried couples, without the harassment of police?

the blacklist: how will madison clark fare in the zombie apocalypse? i ask my questions in the simplest, clearest way possible . do we need to ask the universe only once or should we ask repeatedly?

hindi news channels' anchors are seen with walkie talkies in their hands . which one should i opt for between an mba and an msc after completion of a bsc hons in statistics? i am 25 and i wish to start a career in photography .

i'm a freshman in high school and my grades are pretty trash right now . i am quite surprised with paytm's shopping serivce . is it all right for a person to admire good leaders and citizens?

indonesia has one of the lowest crime rates in the world . can you get 140 or above marks in the ssc cgl tier 1 without a good command of gk? i have a killer idea for a video game but how do i go about making it a reality?

do americans wear outdoor-shoes inside their homes as portrayed in tellies/movies? do dry semen really glow under black light like they show on csi?

game of thrones character resembles brahmin guy, who scored 570 in neet 2 . how do you determine whether the price is worth or not? .

cnn's nina dos santos asks: is chemistry enough for cracking the jee mains 2018? is it possible to fall in love with more than one woman / girl in the same period of time? does it mean my questions are stupid or people around me are stupid?

the quran says that the sea water and fresh water never mix due to barrier created by allah . i have decided i want to become a police officer. what should an electronics engineer do to get an admit into cs at stanford or ucb?

eliezer yudkowsky: if you don't do it, people will think that you're lying . he says quora is shaping what matters most to him: the eventual development of friendly agi . what are the best restaurants to try when visiting erode, tamil nadu, india?

edd china always wears a long sleeve shirt underneath his t-shirts . is it a good idea to shift to aerospace engineering because he's interested in cfd? do you think hardik pandya will learn some good things from ben stokes?

i'm a 14 y/o certified in acls & pals, and founder of a nonprofit organization . i want to make my career as automobile designer . can global warming be considered a population equalizer too?

iim ahmedabad general management certification program is held in dubai on weekends . is bombay shaving company built just to get acquired by p&g or hul? i'm a defence aspirant and a ssb candidate .

abraham lincoln's voice has been criticized for its perpetual motion/free energy machines . swim has hypertension and is taking blood pressure medicine . i've blocked two people on whatsapp, but i can still see their profile picture updates .

i'm aspiring for jee 2017 but pretty much obsessed with my phone . what are some examples of filipino traditions and beliefs, and how do they compare and contrast to those of mexico? what are the chances of promotions at mu sigma?

what is the best time of day to drink a single coffee to keep you going for the longest duration?.what are the advantages and disadvantages for chinese students of applying for postgraduate study at us universities via an agency?.how is it living in venice? do people ever get tired of the water?.which hotel in azamgarh would be safe for unmarried couples, without harassment of police, hotel staff, and moral police?

what would have been the state of world's economic, political and social condition today, had karl marx not been born?.what hotel in jaipur would be safe for unmarried couples, without the harassment of police, hotel staff, and moral police? what are the most common traffic convictions in arkansas, and how does the severity of the convictions differ in arizona?

experts say if gst is implemented in india then, for a few years only, things will become very expensive . what would happen if all fault lines around the world simultaneously suffered major disasters? what hotel in pune would be safe for unmarried couples, without harassment of police, hotel staff, and moral police?

playboy started in 1953 influenced the hollywood and american culture . why does a mobile 'selfie' produce a mirror image, whereas photographs shot with the primary camera are always true images? what are the top 10 websites for models to find gigs (for those who do not work with an agency)

deloitte human capital consultant has one of the most important apps in your smartphone . instagram can temporarily disable once in a week if i'm not reactivating it yet . is it possible to get an aggregate view of facebook friends who have shared their physical mailing address with me?

jee main 2016 score is 134 and cbse board percentage is 90% . does it mean my questions are stupid or people around me are stupid? if a bollywood movie were made on the life and career of sonam kapoor what would be its opening scene?

cnn's nina dos santos asks: is it too late to learn ruby on rails in 2016? do you know how many years residing in europe is required before you can apply for a job without sponsorship? is it mr. modi's fame, or trust in our democracy?

cnn's nina dos santos asks: is it possible to fall in love with more than one woman / girl in the same period of time? do you feel that zafar hilali and tariq pirzada look way too similar? are grad-level courses in computer science generally easier than undergraduate level courses at university?

jimmy wales tries to explain socialism to a 10 year old in simple terms and how does it differ from communism? did narendra modi insult the national flag by wearing it around his neck and using it to wipe his sweat? is it possible that zika isnt the main cause of microcephaly but that the pesticide pyriproxyfen is?

c.j. cregg was selected to replace leo mcgarry in the west wing tv series . has someone built a robot that can suggest new variations to a home-maker’s recipes and also act like a sous-chef? . is investing in books published in india to be sold in the us and uk via amazon .

Topic: Gun Safety Regulations

Total number of questions: 648

Total No of tokens in this Topic :14845
Total No of tokens in summary :1408
Summary: fictief: if someone shoots a bullet between her eyes, is there a smallest chance that i could survive? if two guns were pointed barrel to barrel, the bullet would enter the other barrel . if a person is convicted of murder, the "victim" framed them for murder and faked their own death .

acquitting a murderer and setting them free is worse than sending an innocent person to jail . in movies i often see people hold guns at each other in a standoff . if i fire a gun vertically up to the sky, could somebody get hit by the returning bullet and die?

i'm 13 and myopia is around -12 in both eyes . would it be a form of child abuse to force a child to carry around a belt whenever in public as a reminder of what will happen if they misbehave? if you're danger by a gunman is it a good idea to scream at the top of your lungs to bring attention to yourself if the gun is aimed at you?

cnn's richard quest has a jury duty summons for a state he no longer lives in . he says it's a form of abuse to force a child to carry around a belt whenever in public . quest: can we use microwaves close to our homes?

cnn's kat kinsman was arrested for a shooting at a tv station in virginia . she says the officer told her he had a gun but video would prove he was a criminal . kinman: i've heard many times that artists should fill a sketch book a month .

cnn's nina dos santos was beaten by 15 men in public . now all are identified which case should i file against them? do i need glasses? i want to start selling digital art i made in photoshop .

dr p.n.nagpal sahibag ahmedabad asks: do 'potency tests' on rape accused have a valid legal purpose? if hillary clinton is elected, and if democrats make gains in congress, will they try to enact greater gun control? i'm planning to buy artworks from urban artists. how can i find out which artwork's

deray mckesson: why do police shoot to kill? this ignores the fact that someone is innocent until proven guilty . he says if someone has a gun, shoot them in the arm . when a light falls on an object, it absorbs some colours .

cnn's john sutter asks: why isn't "lengthy labor to monetarily pay back victims" a respected law against crime? why don't police use stun guns first & lethal force second when dealing with criminals?

satrchi art is a chinese artist based in texas . he has +2 eye power and is able to see a photon from the sun, a leaf and a retina . the artist wants to build a gallery and sell his paintings online .

what rights do you have if you have been accused of a crime in the u.s. is it legal to have two license plates mounted on the rear of your motor vehicle? is it illegal to watch someone else commit a violent crime and do nothing to stop or report them?

what rights do you have if you have been accused of a crime in the united states? how are these rights different in singapore? what distance did oswald make the shot from when he killed that enemy sniper?

how are the laws regarding self defense weapons enforced in australia and the philippines? what are the safety precautions on handling shotguns proposed by the nra in alabama and every other state, territory and possession in the u.s.?what are the odds of an adult being charged with an 'assault by beating' what is the chance of that person not getting a criminal record (uk law)?

chris kyle's shot from when he killed enemy sniper is the worst thing that can happen to him . can we map the surface (and the subsurface) of a planet using cosmic rays? can we use cherenkov atmosphere radiation (with gamma ray or similar) to image the planet? if i hit someone in a fender bender can they skip the insurance part and go directly

what rights do you have if you have been accused of a crime in the united states? what are the safety precautions on handling shotguns proposed by the nra in alabama? do you think it truly settles the gun ownership issue?

radiowaves are reflected from objects (i.e planets) to image the objects inside of it . how does the coriolis effect impact the flight path of the bullet? how do you list three negative effects of traffic jams?

what states in the north eastern us would allow a non-citizen visitor to fire a gun without a permit?what would motivate a person to enter a murder scene with three fabricated facts about his whereabouts at the time of the murder?.what are the safety precautions on handling shotguns proposed by the nra in the entire u.s. including it’s territories and possessions?

what are the rules and regulations when visiting an inmate at valdosta prison and how does it compare to prisons in alabama? .what are the safety precautions on handling shotguns proposed by the nra in the entire u.s. including it’s territories and possessions? what was the production of artwork intended for in hawaii and how is it compared to the one intended for uta

i have mild myopia and have just started wearing glasses of power -0.75 . what are the rules and regulations when visiting an inmate at valdosta prison and how does it compare to prisons in alabama?

what are the rules and regulations when visiting an inmate at valdosta prison and how does it compare to prisons in arkansas?what are the odds of dying if someone shot me in the chest with a 50 cal desert eagle at close range?

what are the safety precautions on handling shotguns proposed by the nra in the entire u.s. including it’s territories and possessions? are there 3d versions of the reimann zeta function, with two symmetric fields as solutions and a planar set of probable zeros?

what are the safety precautions on handling shotguns proposed by the nra in the entire u.s. including it’s territories and possessions?.what is the best kind of marker to use for the fetish of body writing that won't wash off or smear?.do lots of otherwise law-abiding people carry concealed firearms illegally in places where a concealed carry permit is very hard to get?.

how are the provisions of the first amendment different from the ones in the fourth amendment? in texas, are there conditions under which one can legally make and deploy a homemade "road spike strip" inside their property? what are the safety precautions on handling firearms proposed by the nra in the entire u.s.

what are the limits of freedom of speech in the u.s.? how can we image subterranean objects inside other planets? and know their composition shape and atomic structure?

the 22nd amendment of the american constitution differs from the 3rd amendment . what is the difference between diluting a color and adding white to it? if you shoot me in the head at 3,5 yars with a 50ae desert eagle can i survive?

what is the penalty for driving without a license in alabama? what are the most common traffic convictions in arkansas, and how does the severity of the convictions differ in texas? if you are held at gunpoint and forced to kill someone, would you be liable in court?

what are the most common traffic convictions in arkansas? what is the penalty for driving without a license in alabama, and how does the severity of the convictions differ in colorado? how does one deal with an immediate family member who has committed murder but cannot prove it?

what is the penalty for driving without a license in alabama? what are the most common traffic convictions in arkansas, and how does the severity of the convictions differ in connecticut? if i fire a bullet backward from an aircraft going faster than the bullet; will the bullet be going backwards?

a recent visit to palm reader deeply effected my mind . what are the most common traffic convictions in arkansas, and how does the severity of the convictions differ in texas?

the penalties in washington? the penalty in d.c.? washington . i.e., what are the penalties?

Topic: Drug Testing and Probability

Total number of questions: 2371

Total No of tokens in this Topic : 59078
Total No of tokens in summary :5396
Summary: a lady buys goods worth 200 bucks from a shop & pays with a banknote worth 1000 bucks . the shopkeeper gets the change & keeps 200 for himself & returns 800 . after sometime the next shop owner returns the 1000 note saying it is fake .

aloe vera gel blends with natural oils like jojoba oil, vitamin e oil, and evening primrose oil . "i have not been running for last 10 days, and my planta fasciitis pain has decreased" "a and b can finish a work together in 12 days, b and c together in 16 days"

a friend of mine is having a thyroid problem (hypothyroidism) for over a year . a ball is thrown vertically upward with an initial speed of 15 m/s from 80 m above the ground . the probability of obtaining a head when the coin is flipped is 110, 210 and 310 .

fluorine has two filled p-orbitals that contain two electrons each . cast iron is a brittle material and has the strength lower than that of steel . hot drinks don't pain or feel sensitive, cold drink does but very little .

af is due in a week but 2 days ago i had light brown spotting accompanied by mild cramps and pulling feelings in the lower abdomen . i grew my hair with an idea of donating it for the cause of cancer patients undergoing chemotherapy.

i'm losing weight, but once i reach target weight is there a way i can go back into a more normal diet that's not super high carb of course? think of a real-life situation where a graph would have no x– or y-intercept . in a magnetic crane, a powerful electromagnet is used to lift up the iron material . when we pass a current through a conductor

the philippines has a dna test on both parents to check their ancestral line . the tests are based on a combination of arithmetic and geometric mean . dr sanjay gupta says he has 'phantom limb' syndrome .

how do people who have 4 to 6 beers a night eventually turn into "alcoholics" playstation 3 can be safeguarded from voltage fluctuation in india . can a surge protector be connected to a voltage stabilizer for additional protection?

i wake up every now and then feeling extremely angry when i'm awake . i have long sideburns & the shave beneath the jaw line is perfect and dense . answer the question with a step-by-step solution .

if all coins are fair, then what is the probability that a obtains more heads than b? in a kilometre race, if a gives b a 40 m start, a wins by 19 s . but i have learned that stress is an internal resistance developed in the body due to the force applied .

dh seems to think adipex and crystal meth are the same . but can we get any subsidy from the government? i want to set up a 3 mw solar power plant in a 5 acre plain land in andhra pradesh .

i've heard that girls will stop growing 2 years after they menstruate . why does europe have a voltage of 220 v? why does the world converge into a more unified voltage? i am bald on the right side above my ear because of an electric shock at the age of 1 .

ehlers-danlos is an asian male who weighs 50kg but is still underweight . he says his body build affects his personality and he is too thin . the hindu calendar and the gregorian calendar have different dates .

asian 14-year-old has a menstrual cycle of 28 days . she had sex on the 17th day from her period . her mom is the same height as her .

if two blocks having mass (m1) and (m2) are pushed with a force f on a frictionless surface, what would be the force between the two blocks? if the "no upfront cost" business model led to huge growth for rooftop solar, which is now $2b per year .

a seller gave 15% discount on mp of bat that is 30 . he gave a ball of price 1.5 for free with bat & made a profit of 20% . is there any possibility that a baby can get color from his/her father and height from mother?

i'm slim with a body mass index of 19 and 15% body fat . i feel my abdomen full of liquid and sloshing when i move or touch like if its full of water . do people actually like the taste of beer, or do they consume it to get drunk?

i feel my abdomen full of liquid and sloshing when i move or touch like if its full of water, even though i just ate a little spoon of something . if i drink 330ml of beer of 8.8% v/v and smoke a cigarette, will i get high? is it possible that people pretend to like beer because of social pressure?

among some muslims dogs are considered unclean . is it unhealthy to lose more than 1-2 pounds a week? is it proper to kill and eat any animal or creature or whatsoever?

a 5'2 female weighs 165 pounds and would like to lose 50 pounds . if i shave my mustache for the first time how much time will it take to grow back to a decent size? .

i'm 58, and badly need to get much more fit than i am in order to deal with my health . i have a tattoo that is very noticeable on my neck. should i be concerned? what is the length of the shortest path from (0,0) to (12, 16) that does not go inside the circle?

exercise to burn away extra body fat that has been depositing for a while (2 years or so) specially from belly and also my double chins . i'm around 5'8" right now and i need to reduce my weight .

i'm a 19 guy, can i get a 'female' butt and also big hips? i adopted a cat and noticed it doesn't have the outside part of the small side pocket on its ear . does it affect its hearing or other senses in any way?

each element is one more or one less than its preceding element . we need to search for a particular element in it . what is the best way to lose weight?

i want to lose 8 kgs of my weight in 2 months. how should i do this? i've been dieting for 9 months and haven't grown since i started my diet . now that i am eating again, how long will it take to grow again?

nexus 4 comes with a charger with an output of 1.2a, does it affect battery life? if you use a different charger, does that affect the battery life of your phone? i'm in 12 steps program and want to try it .

i'm 136 pound male, 19 years old, 5'7"! 10.5% body fat, and i still have some extra fat stored in my belly, lower back, and chest . i have thin arms and legs but a lot of belly, which makes me feel horrible and disfigured .

i'm 29 years old, my height is 5'5 and my weight is 44 kgs . my facial hair grows properly only on the right side of my face . i haven't grown since i was 11 and i am extremely underweight .

i'm 14 and 6'0.5" but haven't had a large spurt (i.e., 5 inches in a few months) what is a good meal plan (breakfast, lunch, dinner) and foods i can eat to at least 160 lbs?.i have been working out for almost a year now . my strength is increased but i am hardly building any muscle .

i got my period the day after i had unprotected sex last month . i'm 5 days late. could i be pregnant?.i want to increase my body weight . my age is 21 and my weight is 50 .

i've been working out in the gym for the last three months but haven't gained weight . should i go for a mass gainer? is it safe?.i feed a street dog everyday. of late it has started scaring people by chasing and barking at them .

iit roorkee has one of the largest rooftop solar projects among any campus . i've been eating white rice with tuna and 1 avacado for 1 whole week . can i take amphetamines drugs prescribed by a doctor for my adhd? will that cause brain damage after a while?

i want to have a good muscular body, but i can't afford costly protein supplements . i have severe vaginismus and no therapy has helped . how much whisky a night will kill you in a year?

a couple who has 5 sons went for a picnic. each son has 7 sisters. each sister has 3 babies . how is turmeric, edible oil and powdered sugar adulterated and what are the side effects on our body?

i've been working out in the gym for the last three months but haven't succeeded in gaining weight . should i go for a mass gainer? is it safe? if i take amphetamines drugs prescribed by a doctor for my adhd will that cause brain damage?

i hate killing mice, but they infest my house and carry disease . sticky straps are the only way to restart the engines in mid-flight . i'm 17 and have gained a lot of weight again because of my hectic study routine .

personal astrology prediction: dob: 01 oct 89, 6.55 am, mumbai . i'm 22 years old, 57 kg and 5'8 height skinny with belly fat.i want to lose my belly and gain muscle .

am 51 and pssed menopause. i have irregular periods and i'm showing no signs . why do people spell 1990 as nineteen ninety and not twenty ten? i want to lose weight for an event coming up in 2 weeks and don't care if i gain it back afterwords.

in 40 days, 4 men should leave so that the work would finish in 48 days . i have extremely bad keratosis pilaris rubra facetious all over my cheeks and they are extremely red all of the time. how can i get rid of this?.are electrons moving about the nucleus a sort of perpetually moving machine?.where do they get the energy and why do they not lose it, in normal

am 51 and passed menopause. why do almost 99% of men in the world comb their hair in the same way and not the other way? a quadratic equation has the square of the sum of its roots equal to four times the product of their roots . there are four men for every 3 women and five children for every three men .

how can i detect flavors and differences in whiskey, scotch, bourbon, single malt vs. blended, etc.?.what is the best weekly workout plan for a 31 year old male to build a ripped muscular body using only weight training and kickboxing workout in gym?.i am 22, my weight is 33 kg and my height is 4.10 ft. and i am too skinny. what should i do

i'm 11 days late today and i took a test this morning but it came back negative . i have had some pregnancy symptoms like stomach cramps . am i pregnant?.i'd rather gain size and look lean, than cut portions and starve .

a 21yo.i smoked a bowl of crystal meth on friday. i'm 5'4" and 187lbs. will i be able to pass a urine drug test on wednesday for drug court? i have extremely bad keratosis pilaris rubra facetious all over my cheeks .

can i get high at all if i touch weed and i have a cut on my hand? will the thc crystals get in my cut?.i'm 23year old & 5ft girl weighing 60kg . i want to lose 10 kgs in the next 3 to 4 months .

i'm 14 and i want to gain height up to 5 feet 6 inches, 5"2 currently . i had my period july 29 through august 6 and today (august 28) i have got belly fat . could i be pregnant?.i am a taurus ascendant. in the 12th house there is mars, sun and saturn. moon is in sagittarius .

cnn's nina dos santos has a big fat belly and wants to lose weight . she's getting 3 female mice and is wondering what a good brand of hamster ball is . does gmo contain its own gene? or is it dangerous?

at what point in history did "we" begin to substitute human milk with animal milk . i'm confused why people enjoy beer though it's bitter in taste . do people drink whisky to get intoxication or do they really enjoy its taste?

i had sex 2 month ago and had my period for 2 days last month . this month i'm 2 weeks late. could i be pregnant?.i am training for a marathon . as i research i see so many articles telling me that marathon running is bad .

my period for 2 days last month and this month i'm 2 weeks late. could i be pregnant?.i've dealt with body issues all my life and tried losing weight the past month with no changes . i want to try being a vegetarian next year and start eating healthy .

a reduction of 20% in the price of rice enables a person to buy 3.5 kg more for rs. 77 . a regular hexagon is inscribed into a circle . what is the length of the side of the hexagon if the radius of the circle is 12 cm? if ph value indicates the hydrogen ion concentration in a solution then why do we say that . above 7 indicates an increase in hydroxide 

cnn's mark hunt is a 24-year-old male having baldness in crown area and somewhat infront . he's had hair stm treatment in batra and wants to get physically fit . hunt has a transplanted kidney from an unknown cadaver . the kidney maintains its donor dna .

cnn's nina dos santos has a long torso and short legs . she wants to get longer legs by a couple inches without surgery . do you have to be awake for 48-72 hours straight to complete a critical mission?

cnn's nina dos santos consults a doctor regarding her hair fall and baldness . she needs to know what equations would be used for a domino falling into a ball on a rope . dos not have a dna strand complimentary to the parent . can anyone suggest for ketogenic diets sample plan or other effective plan?

i'm 15 years old and observing 5-6 grey hair on my head and beard . why is it that my dog keeps on coming near to my groin area and tries to lick it? is smoking weed helping me or hurting me?

i'm 21 years old. i sometimes face irregular menstrual cycle with no cycle for some 2-3 months. is there a reason to worry about it?.without the use of a random number generator, what is the most convoluted method you can come up with to generate a series of integer numbers?.pregnancy after tubal ligation- how will one know if they have ectopic pregnancy?

i'm planning to join a gym for weight reduction & increasing my physical stamina . if i drink alcohol for 5 days in a row, will i pass an etg test?.what is the best sulfonating agent and catalyst for alkyl nonyl phenol?

i feel diziness while traveling in the bus and then i vomit . if i was prescribed adderall as a teen, can i ask a new doctor to consider prescribing it again?.i've had chronic insomnia for 15 years. i have taken every sleeping pill made. changed diets. exercised .

i'm 115 pounds, male, and 5'5 and i am suffering from back pain and ankle pain . i can feel a little mass protruding out when i touch the back of my skull on both sides of the hemispheres . will i lose a lot of weight in six months?.i am now 19 years old and my height is 182cm .

i'm 15 years old and i have a long torso and short legs . how can i get longer legs by a couple inches without surgery? i consume 1500 calories and my workout details are below .

cicada exoskeletons have been found to be a good source of energy . a 16-year-old male has black skin around forehead, chin the most and jawlines . "i have started a diet for 85 days and was supposed to lose 6 kg but i've gained one"

iam 5'0 weighing at 235 pounds. what is the best weight loss advice you can give to me to lose 100 pounds in a year?.iam not fat and in fact i'm under bmi, but i have a round bloated stomach. how can i lose the stomach without losing weight?

a normal person can stay awake and concentrate on anything without sleeping . which isolated or non isolated smps topology would suit for upto 1200watts power requirement . i lost weight but i still have a 'beer belly', how can i get rid of this?

cnn's john sutter asks if the last 3 digits of 1 * 144 are 144 (1*144=144) if so, how many even numbers greater than 2000 can be made from the integers 1, 2, 3 and 4 . he says if 70% of a country knows a brand, what is the probability that all of them know this brand? he wants to lose 10 kg in 15 to 20 days

thula rashi, 25, weighs 58-60 kg and has 28 teeth . when i gain weight, it goes straight to my butt and thighs . if vegans had their way and everyone stopped eating meat, what would we do with animal food sources?

two cards were drawn without a replacement from a pack of 52 cards . did gaurav agarwal really solve the question where we are supposed to add three odd numbers to get 30?

if vegans had their way and everyone stopped eating meat, what would we do with all the cows, pigs, chickens and other animal food sources?.my urine smells of whatever i eat. is this normal? does it indicate that im drinking less water?.are us marines fit enough to do pt for several hours twice a day?.should i remove the fat from the top of the cold chicken soup?

i'm 18 and my body doesn't consume alof of fat, i eat alot of fatty things but i can't get a lot fat, why? i got my wisdom teeth extracted i noticed white stuff growing inside my cheek and the extraction site . is there any bad effect for girl who love to do push up daily?

in english, the word "hundred" remains in its singular form regardless of the number preceding it . if we cross two pea plants each heterozygous for yellow seed color genes, the expected ratio of yellow: green among the offspring will be___? if you get your wisdom teeth removed, what, if anything, fills up the space in your gums where you wisdom teeth used to be?

most of our body parts are in pairs, but some very crucial parts like the liver, heart and brain are single . why does an iphone se battery stop charging when fully charged or let it charge further on while using the phone?

i'm 5'2, 105 pounds, and a female. i run 20 - 30 miles a week . if we roll a fair, six sided die twice, what is the chance the sum is at least 6? i have iphone 6s and the flashlight icon has disappeared from the control center .

a student dissolves 20g of salt in a pan of 200 ml of water . how much salt is left after all the water evaporates?.how come everytime i try to lose weight like pilates and now i can pay $60 for a personal trainer i don't lose weight?

the hindu festival "makar sankranti" is on january 14 each year . is it better for an iphone se battery to stop charging when fully charged? is there any link between hindu and english calendars? a payment of $800 on an invoice for $1887 reduced the balance owed to $1070.67 .

fifty positive natural numbers are arranged in ascending order . results can be found by inserting + or - signs in between . if a girl of 20, weighing 63kgs and of 5'4" is taller than a boy of 13 .

november 14, birthday of jawaharlal is celebrated as children's day . a stone is dropped from the top of a tower.if it hits the ground after 10 seconds, what is the height of the tower?.how are materials like d3o different than metal armor?

the olympics are on november 14 . jawaharlal's birthday is celebrated as children's day . what are the benefits of firm pillows over soft ones?

cnn's nina dos santos asks: what would it take to make an ai enabled app that monitors my gym exercise? will taking sudafed or afrin to manage symptoms slow the course to recovery? can the same amount of ingested alcohol affect two people of the same height and weight differently?

how do you find your zodiac sign in between date wise of birth and star wise? i was born on 23 may 1994 after noon 3 to 3:30, i born at amaravati, andhra pradesh, india . what is the witching hour in occult belief, and why is it at 3 am?

the minimum time that a person should sleep in order to be healthy and what is the best time to sleep?.i'm 17 year old my height is 5 feet 4 inch and my weight 50 kg what should i do to gain weight?.what is the probability that they are both kings or both queens?.how can i get a feral cat to not be afraid of others & my dog?

i'm a 13-year-old boy who weighs 135 pounds . a cab's flat rate is $6 at $0.75 per mile . is it alright to practice transcendental meditation or nsr for significantly longer periods?

cnn's john sutter is a 13-year-old boy who weighs 135 pounds . he has insomnia and has developed tolerance to trazodone . what are the pros and cons of wearing an athletic supporter while working out?

ahmadabad, gujarat, was born on december 11, 1995, at 11:15 a.m. what is the relationship between a propeller's rotational speed and the thrust it creates? a hammer and a nail cost $1.10, and the nail costs one dollar more than the nail .

cnn's kat kinsman is a 17-year-old who has no history of exercise whatsoever . she has no idea why conservatives in the u.s. hate solar power and wind turbines . is it possible to build a floating solar power platform (approx 30.000 ft) and retrieve the power?

in music theory, the major scale pattern is 2212221 (whole, whole, half), what is the principle behind this pattern? can you get high if someone touches weed and then shakes their hand and then you eat something with that same hand?

i am skinny-fat, skinny by arms and chest but comparatively fat by belly and thighs . how can i loose weight as a 21 year old bi-gender-queer 16 seater apache helicopter, without resorting to a new carbon fibre body? i have been diagnosed with mrsa .

i'm 17 years and 10 months pregnant, and i have started going to the gym . why does the actress who plays his mother has brown eyes in the movies? why don't we move the observance of thanksgiving to mid-october to avoid interference?

i've gained 22 pounds from binge eating and am trying to get back to normal . i have a drug test at 3 next tuesday, its friday . will i pass my urine test?.i'm 183cm (6 foot) but i want to be shorter. does it happen with hormones?

i'm 5 feet 8 inches tall (male) and i want to lose 10 pounds in 2 weeks . can i get fit and lose 15 kgs with moderate exercise?.how is laser skin lightening done? if not then what are the side effects and how much it costs?

i stopped smoking meth today. i have a drug test at 3 next tuesday, its friday . what yields a higher cp in pokémon go? i am 20 years old and 5 feet 9.5 (177 cm) tall .

i'm 100 and i want to shed 30 kg.these stories will help . i have a drug test at 3 next tuesday, its friday . what are the best motivational weight loss transformation stories?

electric iron has a rating of 750w , 220v . calculate the current passing through it and its resistance when in use . how do you make a protection circuit to protect solar cells system from reverse current .

i stopped smoking meth today . i have a drug test at 3 next tuesday, its friday . what does my natal chart tells me about me?

i'm 100 and i want to shed 30 kg.these stories will help . i am like sleeping all the time. having no attitudes or associations. feeling like zombie, or stupid.

how many times in a day do the hands of a clock make a straight line? how many grafts are needed to get a full beard by facial hair transplant?

after consumption of nicotine, how long does it take for cortisol levels to return to baseline? how can you integrate both body building and marathon training into your workout regimen without one being detrimental to the other?

what mathematical symbol can be put between 5 and 6 to get a number bigger than 5 and smaller than 6?.how can i get meth out of my system in less than 2 days so i can pass my drug test?.what is it really like inside a clandestine drug lab? and an organization selling drugs from one of these meth labs?.why is 'magnet square' at patia, bhubaneswar called

i want my body to need only 5-6 hours of sleep . can i get meth out of my system in less than 2 days so i can pass my drug test? i have tried many cockroach repellents but most have a strong smell .

in one day, how many times do the minute hand and the second hand of a clock make a straight line? if you have a cut and you touch weed, can you get high if the thc crystals get inside your cut?

how can i get meth out of my system in less than 2 days so i can pass my drug test?.do ferrets make good pets? how much attention to they demand?.what is the effect of changing the connection from star to delta on braking torque in the 3 ph induction motor?.if i use dog body language to communicate with my dog, will my dog understand what i am trying to convey?

i'm skinny fat. what strategy should i follow in the next 30 days to burn belly fat and build muscles? what is the practice used by farmers in the 1800s to store milk in a well? what are the benefits of stationary bikes for weight loss?

i'd wake up after 4-6 hours of sleep and then fall back asleep for another 2-4 hours?.i received a bone allograft in my foot a week ago . how can i get meth out of my system in less than 2 days so i can pass my drug test?.what is the prediction for marriage and husband for a female born november 6 1985, time 09:35 am, in kaunas (

this year, having too many health issues, can you please check my astrology? if you tap a girl's leg behind the knee without actually causing her knee to bend, what are the possible interpretations? i'm a starting mtf transgender woman with very wide shoulders .

i have a drug test tomorrow and i smoked marijuana 2 weeks ago . how can i get meth out of my system in less than 2 days so i can pass my drug test? i find his advice sensible but contradictory to other things i've read .

when does a woman have the highest chance of getting pregnant? is this before periods, during periods or after periods?.what causes foot cramps to be so intensely painful that toes curl and get out of alignment as pain increases?.how should i change my eating habits being a gamer?

weight loss program with goal of losing a total of 25 pounds . i'm 23, height 160 cm, weight 44 kg. is this proportional for a girl? how many 3 digit even numbers can be formed?

cnn's john sutter asks if the linearity assumption holds for this graph . why are dogs so bedazzled when you take their collars off? why does each element only react with certain elements?

d.o.b. 11–04–1988 time - 13:47 place- jodhpur (rajasthan),india in which career direction should i go to get satisfied? from an evolutionary perspective, why do we have multiple different blood types and what advantages or disadvantages that entail?

i am 20-year-old male, my height is 6 feet, and my weight is 48kg . i feel sleepy and dull all of the time . is it possible to live a normal life without sleeping? if so, what are some techniques to overcome sleep?

barron trump is a 10-year-old who is taller than his dad . he says he can get meth to be flushed out of body in 2 hours before a drug test . how do you reduce your belly fat taking into account the fact that he hardly gets any time to exercise?

do you know what's the difference between kashmiri almond, gurbandi almond and american almond? do we have enough metal or rare earth ressources to power a world full of electric cars? for how long?

born on 28 oct 1984 at vijayawada (ap, india) at 16.20 hours . he has a blood group b positive and a husband's blood group is o positive .

gillian jacobs and mickey are shown to be users of marijuana . if you throw up within 30 minutes of eating, how many calories do you lose of the food you ate? if one parent has blue eyes and the other brown, what are the chances of their child having blue eyes?

wheel of fortune uses the letters r s t l n and e in the bonus round . a ball dropped from the height of 50m is entered 5cm in sand . what are the words to characterise 6-legged or 8-legged creatures?

i'm 25 and experiencing severe hair loss (male pattern baldness). are there any proven methodologies to reverse hair loss? i have started walking 3 km in the evening but am unable to run . will i lose weight, and when?.what is the ef of the compound formed when 21.9g of mg, 29.2 of s + 58.4g of o reacts? .

is there an alternative to abilify, latuda, and seroquel xr without the akathisia, weight gain, & heat sensitivity? if you roll a fair, six sided die twice what is the probability that the sum is at least 10? can you tell someone you have to be around a lot every day that they need to wear deodorant?

i'm a libra sun, leo rising and taurus moon. what would you expect me to be like?.does the ovulation phase change after a child birth even though the lady has a 28 to 30 day cycle?.how can i configure my terminal on mac os x to keep ssh connections alive even when they are idle?

"fifth of jack daniels" star weighs 150 pounds . dr. batra's treatment is helpful for hair loss . fitbit tracker shows that my sleep is terrible, and i'm freaking out .

Topic: Job Prospects by Major

Total number of questions: 4077

Total No of tokens in this Topic: 96787
Total No of tokens in summary :8252
Summary: 25-year-old is currently at a 9-5 with a bike company . he is looking for concepts that exist in one language but not commonly, if at all, in another . "i am currently in 11th standard and i'm facing serious dilemas," he says .

i'm 14 and my vocal range is from e2 to a5 (legarro tenor) i have difficulties using my mixed voice in c5 to f5. it sounds really strained and i want to know how to use it properly . i was rejected by google on my first try for a position of swe at mountain view .

i am entering the world of video game programming and want to know what language i should learn . i want to learn from the very basics to the advanced level, like solving real time problems using python . can you recommend a language that's easy to learn and can be used with many platforms?

it is impossible to immigrate to canada without a job offer from a canadian company . even the recently introduced express entry program demands that . i am earning 2.4 lac per month, i can save up to 1.5- 1.6 lac a month. how can i start some business with this money?

i want to be an actor in tv serials. what should i do to select one? how can i proceed? i feel that i am over aged and can't become a professional soccer player . i would like to opt for an mba after completing either of the courses .

i have an app idea and an ui being designed. i want to learn java to program it for android . isro is recruiting mechanical, electronics and computer science engineering students for 2014, but a notification says the post is temporary but likely to continue . what's the voice range of a male singer who's 24, and sings between e2 and f4 with chest voice comfortably?

i'm being offered a job as a solutions architect in microsoft singapore . the job offer says level 62 . this appears to be somewhat low in the hierarchy given that i have 17 years of it consulting experience . i want to enlist into the air force and i scored a 90 on my asvab .

i'm a 22 year old desperate girl who has no money, no job, no college degree . do you have any advice, or book recommendation about how to start a business? i was rejected by google after the on-site interview .

obc student is looking for a job that would support her education and not require a credit card . he was not able to give his bcom 1st year last exam because of chicken pox . is there any hope for him to become a mathematician?

i'm 25 and i want to learn kick boxing. i have no prior experience in this sport . why does it that when a wealthy patriarch or matriarch dies, the descendants start fighting over the wealth and tear apart the family?

do investors invest in index funds like fidelity spartan 500 index (fusex) where the expense ratio is 0.10% and not in vanguard s&p500 etf (voo) despite having the same return? . if there were an index to indicate the all around usefulness of spanish, french, german and italian, which would be the highest scoring language for an english speaker .

i'm confused between these two laptops: lenovo g50-80 and dell inspiron 15 3542541tb2su1 . i want to become a pilot, but i have heard even if i am a cpl holder, it's tough for me to get a job . what's the best on-line calender/scheduling/book

i want to learn to play guitar but i don't want to get calluses . i requested to follow somebody on instagram by accident and they have a locked account . will the person's followers still get a notification that they followed them?

bernie sanders: "it is profoundly wrong that the top 1% own more wealth than the bottom 95%" "i'm a mechanical engineering student and i want an internship in hr which i am not getting from college" "is your job supposed to define you and make you happy? or should we just care about how much we're making?"

cnn's nina dos santos has lost 7 followers on instagram . she is considering distance education in nmims . does a degree have value too?

i am not from a computer science background, but i want to pursue my career as a developer . if i had 3 million dollars to put in an investment portfolio how feasible would it be to count on a 5% annual return? what is the language that the people in the vikings tv show speak when they pretend to use their native tongue?

cnn's nina dos santos is a 17-year-old android developer . she wants to start a business for her younger generation . do you have a favorite mooc on coursera? share your answers in the comments below .

jiffy software claims to have authored netflix apps on ios and android platforms . mba, executive mba and global mba options available . bangalore has top 5 spoken languages, english and elementary telugu .

i want to buy a dslr camera for portraits, wedding and landscape photography . i just bought a new gpu. what should i test to see if it's good or is it a lemon? i have heard the main paths are java, dot net & php, am starting fresh from scratch .

i'm 23 years old. is there any possibility that i can become a professional soccer player? are there any players at my age or older who became a great footballer? i have only 65000 rs in my account at the age of 29 and i am jobless. even if i get a job, can i financially afford marriage and children?

i'm 22 years old and work at a software company . i am born with a missing foot, i use crutches for long life time am in the university studying . how do i pick one a martial art for my kids or me?

i am a first year engineering student and have learnt c until handling files . i'm looking for a camera to film my 3d printer, i want to stay under £100 and still achieve 720p. size isn't an issue but the smaller the better .

i am a programmer, a movie watcher, and a big internet surfer...should i include every college that i went to on my resume? i want to work for sebi or rbi to strengthen my profile for us mba . last years statistics reveal a rank within 400 .

why do so many people ask questions on quora that can be easily answered by any number of legitimate sources on the web? what's better for research tasks in big data - hp 8200 elite (core i7 2600 - 3,4 ghz speed and 12 threads so it can run 2 or more programs at one time?

i'm 24 working as an i.t professional from 7 months, i want to prepare for upsc but fear of not having backup . should i learn unity and forget about what the underlying code behind android games do? what are some of the good resources to learn about web server design and create my own web server?

i'm 31 years old and earn about inr 120k per month . i want to purchase i phone 6s. shall i buy now or wait till the new iphone 7 launch in india? what are some tips for getting a good score in qa cat?

what would you do if you had no job, no food, no credit, no money, no relatives or friends? what would be your immediate plan to get out of poverty? . i have dropped a year for gate preparation but since last few days depression has gripped me throwing my preparations out of track.

i'm a chemical engineering grad and i want to start my own business . i have a csc and was supposed to recieve an offer letter in 2-3 days . what are some good startup options i could have, considering my almost no money .

elon musk is a 19-year-old cricketer who wants to pursue a career in ewaste recycling . he has a gre score of 290, but i have good academic scores and ielts scores . can i get 90% in board exams in just 3 months?

iam indore is a mechanical engineering student from the dtu with an aggregate of 63% . i'm expecting around 200 marks in jee mains b.arch in 2016 and my category is sc . can i get an admit from usc for masters in computer science with a gre score of 306?

i'm 22 yr old female, recently allergic rhinitis with sinus is detected in me will i be rejected in army medical exam even if it is cured or operated . i have an approximate two months for my class 11 annual exams . how do i start preparing so that i get more than 75% of the marks?

dj sanghvi, an indian, is preparing for a phd interview next week . he is a youtube creator and wants a best budget canon or nikon dslr . isi or iit a better option? he asks: what can i do as i'm in the tenth grade?

a 27-year-old mechanical engineer has been jobless for a year . he wants to open a store with different alibaba products . but he doesn't know what a microcontroller is and how to approach professors .

do billionaires watch television or be on facebook like the rest of us? can you name things billionaires don't do but we do it on a daily basis?

lost the language as i got older due to the early exposure to french . put my website online 1 month ago, it has 76 urls and google just indexed 32 . i am a saudi national and have "sr 3 million" in my hand to invest in dubai real estate .

i have 3 years experience as an android developer in samsung india and a year gap after that . i want to make an android app with artificial intelligence and an algorithm. should i code it in java or python? i belong to a family with bad financial status and want to do a language course .

i want to do a language course, but i feel like i can't achieve it . i'm looking for an executive masters in neuroscience. preferably in california but a credible online course would do too . do softwares like cad, ansys and catia work better on mac air than windows?

i have a gre score of 295 (142 verbal, 153 quant, 3 awa) and toefl-92 (2 years of research experience in csir-iict lab) i want to make an android app with artificial intelligence and an algorithm. should i code it in java or python?

i got 93 percentile in cat and got calls from several colleges but couldn't convert any . i want to start bitcoin mining. is antminer u2 asic usb miner a good way to start? is it possible for a guy with 3 years of software development experience from india to get a pr?

cnn's nina dos santos is a 2nd year ug mechanical engg. student at iitb . she wants to be an airline pilot in india after her b.tech degree . does nasa take interns and if yes, what is the process to apply?

cse engg graduate samantha gupta has a btech degree in computer science . she wants to learn python, c programming, java and node.js . the university offers a variety of courses to help her prepare for the isro sc exam .

a b.tech 3rd year civil engineering student has scored a gate 2015 electrical engineering air under 300 in the general category . from the point of interviews, what are the topics i should focus more on? i want to buy an iphone 6 now or wait until the next iphone is launched, considering the price will be lower at that time?

romanian - chinese couple thinking of moving to europe . i want to improve my guitar skills and learn how to sing and play keyboard . how do i buy shares?

vcs and angels focus a lot on the team when making investment decisions . what exactly do they look for and how do they assess a 'killer startup team' . can fifa 17 be played on a intel iris graphics 6100 1536 mb .

i am a self-taught coder and i have released an app to push my skills . should i apply to a psych ma program because of my low gre scores? what are the best options for a 4700th ranked person on the jee advanced?

india's parliament has a maximum number of 250 but there are 245 members . ashoka is a good place to start if you want to pursue a career in economics . what are the best strategies to spot a mediocre novel without actually reading it?

the wikimedia foundation would like to have a feature on their websites . but they haven't yet implemented it due to technological or human resources constraints . i've seen my friends with headphones, listening to songs, reading books at the same time . how can i become a sharp storyteller, at least enough to defy my doubts?

i want to study graphology to know the people i come across in my life . did the japanese know navajo code talkers were used in wwii but were unable to crack the language? is there a site that has more movies than youtube?

cnn's nina dos santos is preparing for neet 17 by dropping . she is considering index funds (td e-series), etfs and tangerine . does a university with a 92% acceptance rate guarantee an admission?

cnn's nina dos santos has been offered a job in dubai with a salary of $180,000 . she has been asked to do a 30 minute presentation for an interview at a tech company . do you have any tips on how to inject some fun into your presentation?

i'm a junior mechanical engineering student in texas a&m with an average gpa . i want to do ms in engineering management in usa, can u suggest schools for the same? i have 3+ years of experience in banks in india, and want to work and settle in canada or european country .

self-taught coder and i have released an app i made to push my skills . i am starting a new youtube channel about clash of clans and need content . canadian citizenship application can be denied or rejected if one applies for it .

i want to be an af pilot, but my programming skills are not good at this point of time . i can't complete my question paper on time because my writing speed is very slow . how can i delete music from my computer if backed up on an external drive .

cnn's nina dos santos is a young azerbaijani who wants to start a business . she has offered to join infosys and wipro, but can't register at nsr under wipro? she wants to use android studio to make apps for which she's looking for a new laptop .

i'm 28 year old guy working with big industry as a maintenance engineer from last 2 years . i have been trying to read books in english, but the words i’m unfamiliar with slow me down . can i apply for phd in u.s in quantum physics, with very low gpa, high gre .

cnn's nina dos santos asks: how does a person read scientific papers? do you think lendico, venture of rocket internet? is it extending at russian and italian market? can we see downvotes on quora? if no what is the purpose of the downvote tab?

in ketu mahadasha can we become extremely rich or is it only about losing all your money, family and work?.i haven't taken a math class in 10 years and have forgotten most of what i learned . can anyone give me a list of some excellent film schools in iran (persia) for international students .

i'm a 2nd year electrical engineering student at an nit . i have a video game idea for an untapped market . can i use my iphone to record long videos from a distance?

i'm doing a survey on peoples' views of advertising on social media sites . i have a blog with 500-1,000 pageviews per day . can i get a job in australia by applying from india after getting the australian pr?

i am a 24 year old working in a software company but want to immigrate to canada . i have 30 subscribers and a total of 1,800 views for 3 videos . how can i get ideas from the market?

a software developer in india, would you like to work in a service company or a product company? i have upto 63% in ece..is there any chances to get admission in mbbs with 91.88 percentile in neet in any private medical college fee in between 3 lakh to 5 lakh?

dc pandey is a first year electrical engineering student . he is looking to start his career in supply chain management . can i build a good skylake gaming pc with 8gb ddr4 ram?

i'm in 12th (commerce) and have scored shameful marks in term one . i want to play kyouran hey kids! on piano, but i can't find good classes . what is a better investment option in india- buying a property on emi or investing in recurring bank fixed deposits?

i'm an nitian of cgpi below 7 in ece and in 3rd year . many have warned that we will be fined later for the movies or tv series' that we watch . i don't want online makers, i use easy soft like wysiwyg web builder to make a website .

a self-taught programmer is planning to buy an iphone 6 and will update it to ios 10 . he has tried all the name directories, but can't find the meaning of his name . can a person with ten history of i.t. jobs teach pure beginners how to make a bot?

iim has 8 cgpa in engineering and 9 arrears in cat . i want to invest in small-cap and mid-cap stocks in india for long term . everywhere i look i only seem to see people wanting to sell stuff . what is your opinion about the ban upon torrent sites in india?

cnn's nina dos santos asks: why is quora just a question/answer site? do people need tips on effective searching on the web or what? do you want to make everybody's dream company where you work without stress?

i have a traditional engineering degree from canada but there are no jobs . i want to make working science model for my college competetion . can anyone help me find out which faculty should i prefer swapnil patni or amit tated?

quora is just a question/answer site . i'm a 25 yr old, jobless .is yet to complete my engineering degree with multiple backlogs.

quora is a tech online platform where people ask stupid questions . i'm a 19-year-old female, african-american and a non-programmer . what is the best language apart from english that an indian it guy can learn .

do you think becoming a billionaire are only meant for a select few like, actors, singers and pro athletes? only 1 percent makes it? i've scored 45.8% marks in nift cat gat entrance exam 2016 .

i'm 33 this year and has 100k in the bank earning very little interest . i want to lead with the tidyverse, but there are costs for new programmers .

adam d'angelo: do you think becoming a billionaire are only meant for a select few like, actors, singers and pro athletes? he's considering the new google pixel xl but it costs a lot like 750$ so how much time does it need to go down?

i want to learn c++ to make a game, but i am a beginner . i have 2 years work experience in ndc, abudabi government sector as electrical engineer . how do i popularize the act of asking more questions than answering it?

i want to do ms in electronics (communications) in usa . i'm trying to write the main concepts, but still end up with nearly everything that was said in the textbook . what is the minimum cat percentile required to be selected in the pgdm course at great lakes institute of management, chennai?

quora is a question/answer site for people to ask stupid questions . without any coding skills, how long would it take to learn a programming language . if a 'select all that apply' question was incorrectly coded in a dataset, can i recover the data?

ielts score of 7,cgpa is 7.2/10 in indian grading. can i apply for masters in computer science in the university of british colombia? gre score 297, awa 3.5 with experience of 1.5 years in it industry.

i'm starting a brand new business for logo design, graphic design, branding, website design and seo . i made a mistake in my b.tech percentage while filling the cat examination form . is it legal in the usa to upload my music cds to a private secure server .

vmware hires computer engineering freshers in india as members of the technical staff or as software engineers . i have scored in the 96 percentile on the cat 2014 from which iims can i expect a call for the wat/gd and pi rounds? i'm getting around 6.75l as ctc with 50k as bonus .

i'm an electrical and computer engineering student and studying web development on udemy . i have personal experience, certified in adwords, analytics, facebook blueprint, and hubspot . will i get a cs in kj somaiya?

a 13-year-old boy wants to learn how to program video games . he is looking for a laptop with i5 processor, 8gb ram, 1tb hdd and 2gb graphics .

a 13-year-old boy wants to learn how to program video games . he is looking to invest in sbi blue chip fund for 3-5 yrs with 8k sip per month . what are the requirements needed to become a naval air force pilot in the united states navy?

nepalese student gary vaynerchuk wants to become a super coder like his friends . he has 15 lakhs of rupees in hand and is planning to invest in sbi blue chip fund . do draw tree diagrams for decisions to be taken so that you're able to make decisions .

question: can i become a billionaire gambler like 'zeljko ranogajec'? do you think he is gifted gambler? suggest your thoughts on shares to buy and am looking for long term .

jimmy wales wants to become data scientist with background in python . i finished learning java se, html, and now want to learn java web development .

nikesh arora is a 23-year-old techie who wants to join the indian defence forces . he has completed his bachelor's in physiotherapy and wants to be a pilot . but he's not a youtuber, but asks, what do you do when asked 'how much do you earn'

i want to be a naval air force pilot in the u.s. navy . i need help with parameters in java, do you know how to write using the greek alphabet? i have a neet rank of 8050 and i belong to ur category .

i want to do a masters in mechanical engineering from new zealand . i am highly interested in criminal justice, especially federal government jobs . most of the programmers here on quora have started with very basic programming skills .

i'm an engineer with some courses in sanskrit (high school level) i want to keep my friends a little bit away so as to succeed in my studies . should someone who wants to become a fiction author go to college? if so, what are the best schools, and what should they major in?

i want to build an android application which is almost similar to naukri and other job search android applications . i believe that creating my own product could be a waste, for many reasons . what would a bangladeshi world finalist advise a mediocre level programming contestant to level up and qualify for the icpc world finals 2017 or 2018?

10.4% of reddit's traffic comes from india . this is the second largest chunk of traffic after the united states . i want to pay more attention to my relationship in order to have a more meaningful relationship .

i'm in my 20s, and i have over $1 million to invest . i am looking for a laptop with i5 processor, 8gb ram and 1tb hdd . do investors or vcs fund when it's just an idea stage?

'zeljko ranogajec' is a billionaire gambler with a betting turnover of billions of dollars . 'i'm losing sight of the purpose of extremely rigorous proofs in my calculus class' what are the different technologies a manual tester should/can learn to be the best in his career?

i am a 13-year-old boy that wants to learn how to program video games . what are the exact differences between the snapdragon 820 and exynos 8890 chips on the samsung galaxy s7? i have applied to over 40 companies for summer 2017 tech internship .

cnn's nina dos santos is preparing for neet 2017 and aiims . she's looking for a job in logistics, shipping, freight forwarding companies . does quora replace tornado with node.js? if so, which scheme motivates more sales people?

iot startup has a prototype ready, first investors will invest into beta version . i want to start selling ebooks on my own website targeting indian customers . how do rich people delegate when they are young and unwell?

cnn's nina dos santos is a 24-year-old aspiring to be an actor . she has an interview tomorrow for an embedded engineer position . her goal is to score more than 90% marks in the 12th class board exam .

i want to do ms in mechanical engineering from germany but my family is telling me to do from usa . my comp is lower than the median for senior swes at google . can an author "officially" prohibit me forever from using his/her work in my writings?

kassemg has 500,000+ views a week per video plus netflix and other sponsors . can multiple wireless headset/mic connected to a phone and input voice from the mic simultaneously then connect the phone to speaker .

i want to invest in stock market, but i have lack of knowledge about it . i can't add annotation or do any enhancement on my youtube video . can i use android phone as mic and connect it with amplifier through 3.5mm aux cable?

i want to learn italian and japanese. which one should i tackle first? i have to invest 1lakh for my daughter in moderate risk stocks for long term . i am a beginner in c programming and want to know everything about c .

iot startup has a prototype ready, first investors will invest into beta version . i'm about 200,000 in debt mostly credit card debt . but i have a validated product idea (made >$20,000)

cnn's nina dos santos is a 29-year-old student of computer science engineering . she wants to win gold at the olympics in tokyo 2020 . do you have a standard training other than getting a cs degree? do you think it's good to start an e-commerce business?

i'm an indian student, 18 years old and i want to enter the stock market . i am pursuing mba in finance from one of top b-school in india . what is the approx equivalent of 65000 euros annual salary in amsterdam .

i'm 15 and have $5000. i want to start my own business but don't have an idea . do you have to know what's taught in a computer organization/architecture course to work as a developer/engineer at google, microsoft, apple, amazon, and similar companies? are startups in india using amazon ec2/s3 services?

adam levine, the lead singer of maroon 5, is able to hit unusually high numbers . he has a high amcat score of 655 in english, 465 in quant, 615 logical . is he a good candidate for iims, or should he only think of getting a gd pi?

i am red-green colourblind. i have applied for the post of aircraft maintenance engineer in air india . will i be rejected during medical checkup?.is there state quota for md/ms seats in private and govt medical colleges after neet-pg like it is in delhi for du/ip graduated doctors? i want to build a tool which can search internet for any company

i'm an electrical engineering student,am very much interested in ethical hacking . what’s life like working on a us navy submarine boomer?.what’s the whole scene with converting the calls? i want to be a nfl football coach by the age of 23?

jee syllabus is almost over and i have almost 4 months in my hand . now what to do next to crack jee adv?

i'm 17 and i want to learn java/javascript . i attended three bpo job interviews but i didn't crack they rejected me because of buttler english .

david shaw is a 2nd year student in mechanical engineering at concordia . he's starting android freelancing soon and was wondering what topics/languages/concepts do you guys recommend i learn? shaw has a gre score of 312 (v147 q165) and writing 3.5 .

d.e. shaw is an electronics engineer studying mechanical engineering . he is waiting for offer from cognizant . is it permissible for a doctor working in a government hospital to go for private practice?

i am a btech student and want to become a programmer . i have started writing articles and i want to write with more authenticity . why do people ask questions on quora that are just as, if not more than easier to, look up with a search engine?

i'm a mechanical engineer now doing an m.tech in industrial safety & hazard management . when i try to access developer options on my asus zenpad (android 6.0) i end up playing a retro-style video game instead .

software engineer with offers from google and facebook, should i negotiate for base salary, rsus, or a signing bonus? what us cities have the highest number of python programming students? what is the difference between a laptop that has a 1tb hdd and a 8gb ssd?

aditi saini, once a careless girl, transforms herself to become an ies officer . i'm an electrical engineering graduate, planning to go bangalore to fetch job in software mncs . what are the best games that are compatible on a core 2 duo pc with 4 gb ram?

david shaw created d.e. shaw just so he could make enough money to fund his research interests . he wants to make a free educational video portal, which will be free for all, how can i get videos for my website?

php developer dana goldstein is tired of he hassle and stress of programming . goldstein wants to make hacks, bots, cheats for games . american express is paying more than 2.5 times morgan stanley for summer intern 2016 .

i've seen an influx of push poll questions by anonymous users. should we try to answer or just down vote and move on? i know english, french, urdu, hindi, and i want to learn arabic.

i'm starting as a control engineer after my phd in control systems . what are the ways to join the indian armed forces as an officer in final year of graduation . quorans can then be notified that their answers are outdated and need editing .

li xiang, a chinese girl, is looking for an english name . she has started writing articles and wants to write with more authenticity . if cat 2017 is 'be all and end all' for her, what should be her strategy?

cnn's john sutter is looking for the pricing models of video interviewing platform hirevue . he scored 336 in gre along with 5.0 in analytical writing . his grade is just around 8.0 .

irish and scottish people unwilling to revive their gaelic languages . can i use a hands-free bluetooth headset with my iphone while simultaneously having the phone stream the phone-call audio to another bluetooth device?.what kind of investment lets you live off its income, then after you die it continues providing income for your descendants in perpetuity?

david shaw created d.e. shaw just so he could make enough money to fund his research interests . can anyone suggest, which feature is better to choose in a smartphone? quad core-6gb or octa core-4gb?

i'm getting around 495 marks in re-aipmt 2015 . i want to replace on msi wt72 6qn mobile workstation, e3-1505m . what's the scope of a telecom graduate in working for a company like microsoft?

i want to pursue a career in computer or information technology . i'm 15 right now, could i graduate at 16 if i took the right classes? i watch free movies at yesmovies.to .

i'm a java trainee in infosys, what should be the three location preferences? is it possible to learn all the major programming languages? or is it advisable to learn a few and master in them?

in wbjee medical 2016 i am a sc candidate . i want to start my own business again but can't think what to do . what's a safe investment plan for a 70 year old who just inherited $500,000?

coderbunnyz is a board game that teaches sequencing, conditional, loops, function . i'm dying to learn how to play the dark, dark song "daydreaming" on piano . what are some good ideas for graduate projects?

the future of a recruiter in a us it staffing company? in what areas can he explore being a . recruiter? in your opinion, what are approx. 5 different books .

i'd like to retire now, where can i invest to make that possible?.what are some muslim names can you suggest for my baby? it should be of urdu origin and not from the quran.

i'm a game developer and still in the early days . i want to earn an extra 200-300 dollars/month via the internet . how much minimum marks i need in neet 2016 to get admission in private medical college .

as a web developer, why do you like to develop websites from "scratch" instead of using cms like wordpress, drupal, or joomla? i want to be a professional football player, how can i get myself advertised at the age of 22 and become one?

i want to become a mma ufc fighter, what should i do? i'm fed up with the scammers and fraud . i need bpo projects . how can i make my high school's model united nations team into a highly ranked team?

psy is a java professional with 1.5+ years of experience . psy has completed her b.tech in dec 2016 and want to start preparation for upsc from delhi . can i follow my passion in starting a new venture or complete my studies?

gangnam style youtube video is the most viewed video on youtube . what are your thoughts on bayesian program learning which promises to outperform traditional learning algorithms whilst using less learning data?

sebi relaxed norms for listing platform to make it attractive for new age companies . i want a gaming console which survives longer and dies last. what is the best entry level camera/lens, for an aspiring, hope to be someday professional photographer?

i'm 19 years old and want to start learning programming and coding from the zero . i want to learn machine learning so that i can learn ml (and mathematics) in 3 months . in which field i should make a career, aerospace or aeronautics?

i am a rookie in data structure and algorithms. i have no idea how to start learning it . is there a true difference in quality between online downloading hd movies such as from itunes in 1080p vs. 720p?

what are some good topics related to big data and internet of things (iot) for a master's thesis in management of technology . who are the best personal financial advisors in fort wayne, in for people saving for retirement?.what innovation in the social media would you like to see .

yodlee infotech is a right choice to start a career in (as an associate software engineer, fresher) if you had a billion dollars and never had to work again in your life, what would you do with your life? what are the largest classes at university of south dakota? are they worth taking?

i'm looking for an investment opportunity where i can put in a $1000 and get $5000 in next 3 - 6 months . what are the best universities for doing a master's in cs and ee in the usa with a gre score of 300+? i heard from my friend that iit is very strict and not much student friendly compared to other iits .

donald trump cites lincoln as the father of the gop . apple is working on its own search engine to compete with google . what are the best books (both paid and free ebooks) available on the internet?

question on quora asks: is it worth migrating to canada from india if we are earning 1.5 lakhs rupees per month in it in india? is intel core i7 family still so expensive? has processing power stopped becoming cheaper?

neet 2016 cut off for seth gs medical college or any other medical college in mumbai . what are the best investment options available currently in india that would give a good assured return in the near future?

i'm a newly graduated physician with no previous experience in programming . can you recommend any good data analysis courses for beginners? can you get into iiit bangalore or daiict with 176 marks in jee 2017?

cengage math series (all parts) or jee advanced (or mains) single book? pirates of the caribbean: dead man's chest (2006 movie) is jack speaking with native tribe on the island of kanpur . java, javascript or python has more work opportunities in the big companies lately .

what are the minimum credentials required to secure an admit in any of the tu9 universities for masters in computer science? .what is the code of a c++ program that will do a brute force attack to crack passwords (4 characters maximum)? what are some cool & innovative ideas that can be used in smart tvs using the iot (internet of things)?

latest global competitiveness report shows marked improvement in india's ranking . as a business owner or executive do you feel the improvement? i suffer from chronic kidney disease. can someone guide me in earning money online?

questions on quora are marked as "needing improvement" and can be found on google . a writer and his dream is to write for a tv show .

do some straight forward questions get marked by quora as needing improvement? are there websites or platforms where one can write native speaking language exams (e.g german, arabic) and get certified for free?

cnn's nina dos santos is a psychology student at dtu . she wants to start a tiffin service business online and offline . does joining the french foreign legion count as joining the military of a foreign state?

i want to make games but i have a very limited understanding in math . should i even bother to learn to code? i'm 2nd year ece student i dnt like programming .

university of tennessee student hasn't written since college . she wants to work as a freelancer . javascript unit testing tool is better than jasmine .

i've only been on quora for one day and people have already requested that i answer six questions . i want to learn ukulele, but have never played any musical instrument before . what are the baby names that would be common for a hindu and muslim baby?

i want to build a social networking site (in mass scale) but i have no it skills . what are the best investment options available currently in india that would give a good assured return in the near future?

i'm in the top 20 percentile but did not get 75% (hsc board) should pokémon go be banned in india, as it has proved dangerous in countries with an official release of the game? should i join aon hewitt gurgaon as software engineer ii if they are giving me 75% hike on my current ctc?

cnn's nina dos santos asks: what is the single most useful life-skill i should focus on in my mid 40s? she has done a bsc cs (hons) from delhi university and has taken a test series of allen . do you have any tips for getting the classes that you want as a freshman at george washington university?

iim's look at a candidate's work experience accumulated till filling of the cat form or till the gd/pi round . is singing a rhetorical device that privileges emotional exhortation as the primary means for arguing the validity of the lyrical content?

cnn's john sutter is a software engineer at indiana university of pennsylvania . he asks: is it possible to skip the first few belts in karate if you are athletic and old enough to do so? he also wants to learn mechanical software for robotics and automation besides 3d cad .

christine chong has 28 followers, 91 following if she hasn't asked or answered any questions . how do i create a social network, without programs that keep the information collected on my page?

what are the strongest majors and weakest majors at cal state los angeles? are old languages more complicated to be learned than modern languages? are almost all the questions on quora a product of trolling, or are they serious?

cnn's nina dos santos is a freshman at eastern florida state college . she is preparing for a graduate record examination (gre) she has a gpa and gre score of 1348 for admission to bhu, amu . does popcorn time put any viruses, adware, or anything else bad into your computer?

i want to have a strong mathematical foundation in machine learning . i am now in 2nd year engineering at university of florida gainesville . what are the strongest majors in terms of job prospects and salary?

john mcafee's net worth is only $4 million if his company sold for many billions of usd to intel . he's looking for some prominent research topics related to big data as a service (bdaas) if you want to become an astrophysicist and i want to start studying on my own, how do you start?

a 22-year-old indian wants to invest 5000 every month . what is the best way and the best language to start learning how to program? what are the best ways to learn programming from the scratch?

to learn web programming from the basics to a professional level? . what amd processor has the equivalent power of an intel i5 4th generation? what would be the best tool for building php ajax forms that read / save data into a mysql database?

nayan bansal jee advanced rank 13060 rank got admission in iit ropar . what are the strongest majors in terms of job prospects and weakest majors at western carolina university?

cnn's john sutter asks if quora is a good place to start if you want to get into ibps po 2016 . he also asks what is the best ios calendar app that allows you to cross off events as you go through day .

there are companies in india that provide investment for start ups . what are some tips and hacks for getting the classes that you want as a freshman at northern kentucky university? what are the best smart home/ iot consultants in montréal?

instrumentation engineering student is a slovenian-born entrepreneur . he wants to be a top writer on quora if he is interested in space research . questions should be linked to equivalent questions in english . is there an advantage to pc gaming vs console gaming?

11 lacks in bpcl appointed as a management trainee, how much salary will i get in hand? did the release of paul romer's controversial paper, "the trouble with macroeconomics," reduce his chances of winning a nobel prize?

can i increase traffic to my site and what are some suggestions on how to get more of it? abtact algebra: does the proofs and problems of group theory are so non-intuitive to me? how do native english speakers know how to pronounce the words they encounter for the first time?

l wanna know some advices about translation as a career? can anyone tell me, the easiest best way to start making money online? .what books about history of collapse dot com do you know?

cnn's nina dos santos asks: what are the most important concepts in c and c++ that should be learnt and understood before a programming interview? what are all the games i can play with an intel hd 5500, 16gb of ram and an i5 processor?.what are the best books for "general studies", "general english" and "current affairs" for

sanskrit is the most suitable language for computers . which of these will be the best branch of engineering for the next 20 years - civil, automobile, or robotics?

i was rejected today for a mnc job in an interactive discussion round . what are the strongest majors in terms of job prospects and weakest majors at cal state bakersfield? i have completed my mechanical engineering with below 60% .

the latest report says apple will begin selling larger iphones—4.7- and 5.7-inches . if true, which one would you buy and why? what is the best way and the best language to start learning how to program?

quora asks: is front end development a good career path for a person with back end development experience using java and c#? i completed civil engineering and i am interested in doing an ms. which country is the best choice for me? do you think it's gonna be a revolution?

cnn's john sutter asks what are the strongest majors in terms of job prospects and weakest majors at indiana wesleyan university . he also asks if there are any family offices that invest in more speculative assets with long term appreciation potential .

cnn's kristie lu stout asks: what can i teach someone in the next 10 minutes that will be useful for the rest of his/her life? . what are some good deep learning libraries where i can use a deep belief network with classifiers?

what are the strongest majors in terms of job prospects and weakest majors at buffalo state college? what is the easiest language to learn (except english) and what's the fastest way to learn it?

cnn's john sutter has finished developing a website . he wants to learn c programming but is not making any improvement . what are the strongest majors in terms of job prospects and weakest majors at texas southern?

cnn's john sutter asks a series of questions about his career . he says he's looking for a career in space research . questions include: what are the strongest majors and weakest majors at cal state bakersfield?

as a venture capital investor, if you had an opportunity to invest in amazon but passed, what was your rationale?.who are the best personal financial advisors in roanoke for people saving for retirement?.flipkart is closing its website for an app-only platform. will that be a smart move for a country like india?.

aiims new delhi seats will increase from 72 to 100 from 2017 . i know two foreign languages, arabic and french . what is the best way to become a good programmer?

i am an ex-muslim in the us who is knowledgeable about islam . i made up the english name "sherkiy" for myself . has anyone lost all their money and subsequently re-built their wealth?

what are the strongest majors in terms of job prospects and weakest majors at university at albany? chinese computer scientist has made up the english name "sherkiy" for herself . what can an it student learn in 5 minutes that would be useful for rest of his life?

aiims new delhi will increase from 72 to 100 seats from 2017 . what programming language would be best to learn and master at as a career point of view?

northern michigan university has one of the strongest majors in terms of job prospects . what are the weakest majors at nmu?

Topic: Dating and Communication

Total number of questions: 1798

Total No of tokens in this Topic: 46717

Total No of tokens in summary :4730
Summary: i have been using my girlfriend for sex for the last year . she loves me more than anyone else ever has, and she would do anything for me . i'm not the happy, outgoing person i used to be . but sometimes i want to message him & tell him how much i miss him .

i love my best friend but he keeps cheating on me . i can't say "no" to him because he doesn't want a relationship . my mother-in-law needs rest and someone to help her in daily chores .

at 25 i've slept with 18 guys. started sleeping around after i broke up with my ex of 2 years, who took my virginity at 21 . my tracking list shows that i have sex with a different guy almost every month . i am a 23-year-old girl who is about to get married in 4 months .

psychologists believe that if you really miss someone you love, they actually get to know or feel that you're missing them or want to talk to them . i have feelings for my best guy friend and i don't know if he feels the same way about me . can we influence the people we love?

i'm in love with a guy, but my parents don't like him because he is not from our caste and slso not earning as per their expectations . i get puzzled when people ask me why do i have to work if my parents earn . texting makes me feel connected, but apparently he doesn't think the same way . why is it seen as racist to generalize the behavior of black people

julia gupta: i have been rejected by 8 girls till now, all of whom i liked . she says she is tired of rejections and feels like a loser all the time . her boyfriend left her without giving any reason. he ended our 7-year strong relationship .

cnn's nina dos santos has an intense crush on a girl about her age . she's been able to see her from a distance but never had the chance to talk to her . does she like her? i can't have sex with my boyfriend. i'm 16 and we tried to do it but it didn't go in and it hurt and i was bleeding 

a 25-year-old girl has had dreams about someone every night for the past week or so . her husband bangs on things and breaks them during our fights . she doesn't think her boyfriend cares about her feelings and he looks like the victim .

i've been masturbating in such position that when semen's about to come out, i press my dick hard inside the bed that the semen doesn't come out . i have not talked to my friend in more than a month . is it true that some men rape their own wife? why does a man need to force his own wife for sex?

70% of the human resources profession is dominated by women . women are empathetic and have a better emotional intelligence (eq) i am a smart guy but i don't have the guts to speak to anyone .

i love a girl, but she doesn't love me and she wants to stay friends . i've never talked to her and she still insists on staying in my life . "i am scared of the fact that someone is going to enter my penis into my vagina one day"

i'm having problems with my friend who recently got a boyfriend . i tried to start conversation but it doesn't work . my girlfriend is angry. she thinks that she is my second choice over friends .

i'm 13 and my friend lost her virginity at 13 . she let a 15 or 16 year old guy have sex with her and she told me not to tell anyone . i have a crush, he used to look at me and try to talk to me, then he started avoiding me . did he give up on me or does he just not like me anymore?.how do i respect my husband when 

never married women earn 95.2 percent of what never married men earn . does that mean she's trying to say no in a nice way? do animals care for beauty? do they prefer decorated food?

in christianity nuns are religious people, they cover their body and wear a scarf-like thing . so if a girl says she honestly likes you but doesn't want to be in a relationship right now, would it be wise to stick around? i have been with my partner for 8 years last year we broke up for a bit . now that i am a mother of 3, i want my ex back .

i chose my ex over a girl i like very much and now i regret it . i'm 14 and i just had sex for the first time, i feel so guilty and bad about myself . wearing black coloured clothes on auspicious occasions in hindu culture is prohibited . the mangalsutra, symbol of married women is significant due to its black beads .

i'm an 18 year old girl but i don't find guys my age appealing as i feel less safe and protected . in indian mentality, no one wants to marry a non virgin girl . i love this girl but she's kind of stuck on her ex who treats her like shit .

i have never had a girlfriend or had an actual date with a girl and i'm 20 years old . my boyfriend recently confessed to me that he's bisexual . how do you support yourself when you are on top during sex?

i love a girl for more than 6 yrs & proposed 3 years back she never made anything clear . i'm an 18 year old girl but i only like older men around 30-40 i just don't find guys my age appealing . is blocking her on facebook and whatsapp one of the ways to make her miss me?

i have a crush on a boy who's 1 year older than me, but i'm scared to break up with him . i had an older woman fondle me in my shiny shorts when i was 10 to the point of orgasm! why had i developed a fetish for them? i love her, should i give her a chance?

i'm a 20 year old virgin and i might end up single for life because i have a fetish for girls . i got married in 2012 my age 30 my wife age 16 at that time . can i take divorce from my fiance because he is drifting apart?

last night, i dreamt that jimi hendrix hugged me and told me he loved me . i did i break her but i am her first love? i'm a 17-year-old male and i have never been in a relationship .

a year ago my ex told me he didn't want to be with me (he said not at that time). recently he texted me about a book series. is he interested?.i want to go to a grad event (‘prom’ w/o dancing. what should i do?.my girlfriend, whom i love dearly, broke up with me. if that makes her happy i'll let her

shows signs of interest but keeps going back to her ex boyfriend . ex left me for another man, and a year later they break up and now she wants to get back with me . i spat on my girlfriend drunk, she had cheated on me a few days before .

i'm 27 and i have never had a girlfriend . if a girl says "eyes up here" when she catches you looking at her boobs, does it mean she likes you? i was recently reading my older sister's copy of "50 shades of grey" i read my first bdsm scene .

i'm gay and my best friend is straight . i love a guy but he cried and told me he couldn't give me what i want . is he ghosting if he started taking hrs to answer texts and didn't ask me out in 5 days?.why do guys wait days to text girls after a date? do they really care so much and focus on work?

i have to masturbate 3 times to feel an orgasm sometimes only 2 times . i am a single mum and i told my crush who is also single that i liked him . what does he mean when he says he doesn't have much to offer? .

i feel like punching my ex bf but i don't want him to think i'm irritating or creepy . when i meet a pretty girl, i fall head over heels, what to do?.my girlfriend kissed a guy from tinder a few days after we broke up . she did it out of anger and then came back to me . i have to masturbate 3 times to

i dated my mama (maternal uncle),he broke up and its been 2 years, he moved on but i'm still there, this is affecting my career too, what should i do?.i've noticed that a guy has been staring at me but when i look at him he'll quickly look away . i am black man who was adopted by white parents yet i don't like to be

i am a single mum and i told my crush who is also single that i liked him . when i asked him if he wanted to be my boyfriend, he said he needed time to think . i'm 16 years old and my parents have kicked me out of their house .

iranian woman says she has been rejected by every girl she's ever asked on a dating site . iranians have a tough time finding a man who isn't ready for a relationship . she says she can't tell her ex he's not into her .

one of my best friends that i fell for completely rejected me entirely . i like a girl but she thinks i'm naive because of my sarcastic, casual behaviour . why do women have sex with men for? why can't they stop because the planet is over populated?

after 4 years of relationship the last few months were hell it was kind of on off relationship . i'm in love with my best friend but she thinks if we date it'll ruin our friendship . so i am 24 my husband is 34, love each other but our every weekend end with a fight . what do i do? stop close legs and use condoms .

i'm shy and afraid of talking to girls i don't know . when a guy likes a girl, what about her is it that usually causes an intense attraction? if an american woman wants to marry an indian man, does that man still have to pay a dowry?

i love my bestfriend.he asked me out twice but i said no.now i appologized for what i did, asked for last chance . i have sent her 3 facebook requests, but she continues rejecting them . we are both girls and i believe i'm in love with her .

i'm a final year student who has developed feelings for a first year student . when i decided to break up with him, he became affectionate all of a sudden . i am dating a guy who never initiates messages or to hang out .

crush and also known as my best friend twin brother . i hear of this phenomenon white girls dating black american men . what do white girls think of black african men? .

i'm in love with my bisexual best friend who is also a guy and has a girlfriend . i have seen a lot of girls in india wear black threads on their wrists and legs . "i have been having dreams where i am one with somone, and feel every emotion they do"

i'm openly gay and falling in love with my best friend who is also a guy . i love my ex even after 8 years of breakup, it hurts her if i don't talk to her . it has been nearly 15 days since i have masturbated .

i've been in a long distance relationship with my girlfriend for three years . she confessed that she had had sex with her ex-boyfriend many times before she was with me . now i am feeling very hurt. what should i do if a girl won't leave her boyfriend for me but keeps saying that she will and that she loves me and just needs time?

cnn's nina dos santos says it's wrong for a 16 year old guy to date a 14 year old girl if her parents aren't okay with it . she says she has seen a lot of girls in india wear black threads on their wrists and legs . do you dream about someone you don't know or have any communication with in real life?

to give easy pass to women who have nothing apart from beauty, while men need to have all qualities to qualify as good . i have two years break up with the love of my life, can't move on am stuck and nt feeling to be in love am i okey?.i want to lie upon a nude girl's back without penetrating, is it normal?.my grandparents are 80+ and staying alone in india.

do women who expose their bodies realize what the men who see them think and feel? why do women arouse needs that they can't/wouldn't satisfy? even well to do educated girls are prone to this .

i'm 17 yo male and i consider myself as a super attractive person . i have been with him since almost 2 years! he follows me on instagram and snapchat and likes my pictures . is it acceptable to leave her a note with my feelings and number?

after few dates with a guy (met on tinder), he has been sending me less messages . does he like me or am i in delusion?.i have a crush on a girl. but she doesn't care about me. she has a boyfriend now. should i try to reconnect with her later on down the road?

i've been getting to know a girl i really like for the past 3 months . i can't love the girl who loves me so much, no matter how hard i try . what should i do when my ex says he doesn't knw y he kips lovin u everydai?

i'm in a relationship for the last three years, but in her horoscope there is a mangal dosha . i have to masturbate three times to feel an orgasm sometimes two . masturbation reduces penis sensitivity, making it harder to reach a sex . do you discard a person who loves you more than anything else?

i'm an unattractive and ugly man . i want to lie upon a nude girl's back without penetrating, is it normal? i have a curved penis, i prefer to marry someone of any other race . do you believe in two human beings thinking about same things at the same time?

gillian anderson is an indian buddhist . she has a son who dreams about killing girls . her boyfriend doesn't text her first, and after he texts him first, he rarely texts back .

how difficult is it to find a virgin girl to marry in india? i'm angry if my girlfriend doesn't reply to his text . i have to dress up as a punjabi girl in school . how do i get my clingy friend to back off without hurting her?

casual killing act (virginia) enacted to protect whites who beat enslaved black children to death . if a man gets an erection when he sees you, is that a tell-tale sign that he's attracted? would south indian men prefer to marry north indian women?

i'm not exclusive with a girl, but we agreed to be faithful . when confessed, my best friend said - she clearly doesn't love me and never did she . i had a disturbing dream about my ex boyfriend even though i am in no contact with him for almost an year .

after 4 year of relationship, she want to leave her coz of family preasure . she texted her ex boyfriend "hey sexy, you don't understand how much i want you here right now" she is 20 years old and never had a girlfriend or slept with a girl either .

i love a girl and proposed her, she replied she does not have the same feelings for me . i am shy and unable to talk to any girl because i get nervous and freaked out around them . how do i shake off these cruel feelings of want, so that i can maintain a healthy friendship before he loses interest and ditches me?

do you think white people having dreadlocks and/or stretched earlobes is inappropriate? i confessed to a girl that i love her. she asked me to wait for a week to get her answer . i'm an 18 year old guy who's never had a girlfriend, had sex, never dated, nor kissed a woman .

cnn's nina dos santos is a white father of two biracial sons . her husband oagles at girls much younger to him even when he is with her . do women who are feminists worry that their sons will inhabit a planet where their rights have been depleted to accommodate women seeking power?

cnn's john sutter asks readers what it's like to be a "person of color" he asks if pedophilia is any different to how being gay or a strong independent woman used to be seen . he says he is aroused when he sees movie scene where slave get whipped . "i am a 38 year old single male, is it too late for me to

cnn's kat kinsman is a 25-year-old male living in nyc . she has never had a girlfriend or even girls who are friends . her husband watches porn and chats with his ex .

i've been in a relationship with a girl for 9 months, yesterday she broke up with me saying that she loves her ex boyfriend . why do we get the same dream many times? is there any specific reason for it or does it have something to tell us?

i'm a young adult (20 years old) and never had a girlfriend or boyfriend . why have senior muslims in uk turned a blind eye to the problem of prostitution of moroccan women on the streets of central london? i dreamt its raining n feeling difficult to take my father's dead body .

i am a decent-looking, intelligent and a smart girl with a good sense of humor, yet i don't have a boyfriend . why is it that forms in the us that ask for your race/ethnicity also ask in a separate question if you consider yourself latino/hispanic?

i was in a relationship for two years. the guy is ghosting . i love my boyfriend a lot, but i couldn't enjoy anal sex because the act itself felt demeaning . what should i do if i don't love someone anymore but you are stuck with her?

many indian families write the professional degrees of the groom and bride (sometime parents' degrees also) in marriage invitations . according to indians a small gap between jeans and top is shameless and a 6 inch gap between saari and blouse is traditional, why?

i'm an indian & i am going to marry a pakistani national. i don't want to change my nationality . as many young people are addicted to their smartphone, taking their phone from them is not realistic . having sex with a virgin or with an experienced woman who is a great . sexual experience?.how can a boy turn down a girl who summoned the courage to tell him

gay men are being killed by police sworn to protect them . iranian women the most beautiful in the world . how do you deal with a friend in a troubled romantic relationship?

i dreamt that a nice girl rejected me harshly and now i am regretting it . i'm a hindu boy from notheast and my girlfriend is muslim from chennai . is it racist to believe that some races have different strengths & preferences than others?

i'm a christian woman who is in love with a married muslim man who is ready to marry me . sometimes i feel i don't love her, but i can't take my life decision . why doesn't every company fire its men, hire only women, and pocket the 23% difference?

is it true that if you dream about a particular person, that the person will feel like they miss you? is it ok if a muslim woman doesn't want to marry a malaysian girl? is there a punishment for this on the day of judgement?

for a married person having an illegal affair with another woman, what can i tell him if i think begging is low?.i am 18 years old and my penis in reaches 7 inch length . is it true that if you dream about a particular person, that person will feel like they miss you?.is it harmful for my body to orgasm just by imagining something rather than masturbating when i feel extremely 

a friend of mine is gay, but he made out before telling her he is bisexual . he asked me to give him a few days to think it over . is it bad for the girl i have a crush on to be friends with a girl who doesn't like me? i caught my husband lying and he almost cheated on me .

i'm a 14 year old boy and i had sex with a 12 year old girl, with her consent . will a gsb family accept a boy who is ready to bcme a hindu or brahman to marry their daughter? why is it socially acceptable for a black individuals to exclaim pride in their ethnicity publicly?

i am a jain girl. i love a bengali boy. am i allowed to marry him? and will the society accept us?.i am not gay but if i got sent to a all gay pakistani prison would i get raoed by them all?.why does it that the most attractive women have the worst attitudes?

cnn's kat kinsman is a 23-year-old indian woman who is dark skinned and never been in a relationship . her ex unfriended her nearly a year after we broke up . she says she doesn't want to date people from a certain race in relationships .

how do white people who believe that white privilege exists really know it exists? i'm a hindu girl and want to marry a muslim guy, but my parents won't accept it . how can i stop feeling wrong about being a single girl who is successful?

i love a girl very much but don't have courage to express my feelings . i'm in love with my best friend, but she doesn't feel the same . should i watch porn or get a girlfriend?

i was rejected by a girl years ago but still like her very much up to now . i want to see if my girlfriend will make effort like me to have me in her life . when i dream repeatedly of my parents/siblings/friends death, what does that mean?

after generations of interracial mixing, in future will there be only one human race, with no regional differences of characteristics and appearance? i am horny often and masturbate 3 times every day. i don't have a girlfriend. what should i do?.do women in their late 40’s really think about sex as often as a woman in her late teens or early 20’s?.why are nations with black people

cnn's kat kinsman is dating a 21-year-old transgender woman . she asks: is it wrong for her to date such a young person? is there an evolutionary advantage or disadvantage of having a fetish? is it a sign a girl likes you?

do men still hand out their number and ask you to call them? is it just a stereotype that all asians have black hair, and if so, do some of them have brown hair? do american wives really kick their husband out of the bedroom and let them sleep on the couch during a fight?

left 3yr relationship w father of 1yr old due to his unrequited love for me . i tried a lot but failed. is it possible for 50 year old man and a 20 year old woman to have a healthy, long term relationship?

i'm an 18 year old boy who masturbates 3-4 times a day . masturbation is a way to compensate for my poor social skills . i can't hold a conversation with women, so should i get a hot body?

in historic times, how often did humans mate? at what age should a man be concerned about being a "creepy old man", rather than just a guy who's dating?

guy who’s dating: what are some negative situations that are likely to develop when a mother is emotionally supportive but don't live together, absent,distant?.what are the pros and cons of sex, blowjobs, handjobs and masturbation, and how does each act compare to the others?.does the black community still overwhelmingly believe oj simpson is not a killer and was just the victim

cnn's nina dos santos asks: is gender a cultural construct, or are there inherent biological factors that cause men and women to behave and interact differently? does being attracted to trans women, or porn involving women with penises, make a man gay? is it harmful if i masturbate 3-4 times daily? if yes then what can happen?

an indian girl will cheat on her husband if he's not able to satisfy her in bed . would you block her boyfriend from speaking to her?.my girlfriend's family say i need to convert to islam. what can i expect?

i have a dream about someone i don't know, but met them the next day . i've found a match on tinder, but she seems not interested when chatting with me . should i ask her husband why he deletes texts that he doesn't want me to see?

i'm a 24-year-old egyptian looking to marry an american girl . i like a girl who i used to be friends with, and she has a boyfriend . can non sikh men and women traditionally wear karas (steel bangles)? i feel bad about being virgin at 18 .

ex-boyfriend says he still has feelings, when he's had a new girlfriend for years . should i feel jealous that my boyfriend wants to hang out with a girl alone even though i let him?

is it possible to believe in genetic differences between "races" and ethnic groups without using it to claim some superiority? does society change moral obligation on groups and individuals? what are the qualities of a "sanskari bahu"?

i love a girl who already has a boyfriend but she says she loves me too . do the gay concepts of "top" and "bottom" roughly line up with traditional male and female roles in a relationship? how many indian men and women are virgins and have not fallen in love before marriage?

ias officers should wear a 'bandhgala' while meeting the prime minister or dignitaries . i am literally just what girls say they want, i feel bad about being virgin at 18 .

lz granderson: i offered a bikini barista $40 to flash her breasts, but she declined . he asks: what is the best way to break contact with a narcissistic mother? he says homosexuality is not manisfestation of behavior since feeling attraction does require sex . granderson says if a woman commits adultery and gets pregnant, is her husband legally responsible?

Topic: Universe and Energy

Total number of questions: 2177

Total No of tokens in this Topic: 51850
Total No of tokens in summary :4852
Summary: i've had a drastic change from being an extrovert and happy person to an introvert after a heartbreak . i am the first on earth, the second in heaven and i appear twice in a week . as an experiment, i try to help a guy who asks me if he should die and he tells him not to .

"i am a 20 year old international freshman in my dream university in the us" "i have no motivation at all. all i want to do is sit around and procrastinate while doing things that seem "fun even" "if i can't do this, i'm going to die," says aaron ramsey .

i'm a born introvert and i am thinking of suicide . i can't study because of depression today and yesterday . the only habitable planet in the universe is going to be earth . do you think they are using this screaming tactic as a long term strategy?

stan lee is a game addict who is too lazy to work and a procrastinator . he says he is too soft and 'over-respect' people, which means he may not be able to criticize them . lee: if you could thank one person that you've never met for contributing to your life .

csikszentmihalyi has an iq of 140 and wants a phd in astrophysics . he says he feels like crying and he thinks he has no real friends . "if we could see to the farthest reaches of the known universe, what would everything that old be like?"

japanese actor jiro dreams of sushi: "let's just say i don't sleep with my feet in his direction" atomic structure, the solar system, the milky way are all planar, therefore the universe is planar . muslims appreciate that god, brahma is another name for allah followed by christianity and hinduism .

lz granderson: i'm experiencing cognitive dissonance regarding my perceived limits . he says i feel like i have reached my capacity, but i cannot surpass it . granderson asks: how do i develop reasoning/iq/logical (whatever it is called) prowess?

i'm single, unemployed, broke, in debt, living with my parents, about to turn 40 . i am losing interest in life and am getting confused . what are the top 3 things i can think right now to build patience in me?

borderline personality disorder is the opposite of asperger's syndrome . bruce lee: i fear not the man who has practiced 10,000 kicks once, but he had practiced one kick 10,000 times . how can i use my professional skills to fight climate change?

americans seem to have a reputation for knowing very little about the rest of the world . if you had to change a key moment in the history of westeros during the targaryen dynasty, which would it be?

h.p. lovecraft's "that is not dead which can eternal lie, and with strange aeons even death may die" in "drishyam" (malayalam movie), pallavi, anupallavi and charanam are in a song . hulk is a great example of a human being's ability to think and act .

luke mccartney is a psychopath and a ragnarok fan . he says he's always thinking about the future, what he should do, and who i should be . "i'm smart but lazy and this is having a negative impact on my work and life in general"

a genie gives you 3 wishes but he will try his best to twist your wishes . i want to end my life but can't because of my parents . what are the well defined differences between a hindu theist, hindu atheist and hindu agnostic?

cnn's nina dos santos is a 30-year-old mom of 2 with single income . she's fed up with office politics - people think it's easy for them to put her down . does a story contain a part 1a which is the hook and building sympathy for the hero?

apophis, the serial killer of buffalo bill, is a sociopath . can't we deal with it once and for all? if it's going to come back at us why shouldn't it destroy it? what if you got to know that this world will end tomorrow?

will humans evolve into a more developed being? if so, what would be the first signs of evolution in humans? will lily potter marry james potter instead of severus snape? i am a popular kid but now people are making fun of me behind my back .

in the bible it is written that god will not allow man to destroy the earth . "i'm 21 years old and still i don't know what to do in life. what should i do?" "i feel like people hate me. they ignore me and i feel very lonely sometimes"

"if we really want to love we must learn how to forgive" is the quote true? on miller's planet did cooper, amelia and doyle spend 3.3 hours, or did they spend 23 years and some months?

this year i am going to 10th grade (same school) and i have no friends . i feel angry, lonely, irritable, suicidal, worthless and hopeless . in harry potter, why did snape put the sword of gryffindor at the bottom of a frozen lake?

a handful of serial killers remain alive as a result of a disaster . would you kill them in the name of justice or use them to re-populate earth? is there any truth behind the myth "if a friendship lasts longer than 7 years, psychologists say it will last a lifetime"

i'm jealous of geniuses, of people who are capable of accomplishing more than i do just by the will of nature . in what part of the tirmidhi hadith do you find the muhammad quote, "the worldly comforts are not for me, i am like a traveler, who takes rest"

do you or anyone else you know listen to only metal? in movies and series, i have seen people saying their iq is some number . in india we dont have such standard test, is there any website (not fake)?

qm is addicted to his smartphone and wasting time on it . he says he can't afford to see a therapist and psychiatrist . the quote 'seeds of its own destruction' has been applied to empires and politics .

a lost audition tape recorded in '64 by the beatles just sold at auction . shouldn't paul or ringo had first shot at it rather than the highest bidder? i'm a 20 yo female who doesn't want to go to college, homeless and broke .

c3po is the one telling the whole star wars story since he was anakins creation . "i'm tired of feeling insecure, inferior, doubting self, & all that. i want build myself for the better" "if you're the idealized partner of a person with borderline personality disorder, how can you prevent devaluation?"

"hanging on in quiet desperation is the english way" is a song by pink floyd . are vacuum fluctuations an energy in a vacuum? are virtual particles? how do we know there is this energy if they didn't exist? what can an individual or a family do to prepare for climate change?

i'm up till 4am indulged in philosophy(happiness) and religion . i love to pause and observe the people around me wherever i am . why am i not happy with this life?

infinity wars, tony welds the infinity gauntlet should we expect him to do something like that? i am a failure at 40, no strength, living in closed room in parents home, unable to express . i almost never able to concentrate in office training or meetings which is 30m .

jack london: "life is not always a matter of holding good cards, but sometimes, playing a poor hand well" i hear "szégyen a futás, de hasznos" is an hungarian proverb. is it true? if so, is it common, well-known, arcane, and/or what?

every terran living being comes from a common ancestor and life originated only once in 4.6 bi years . harry's invisibility cloak was a hallow, and it was "real" one . marilyn monroe had an iq of 168 . why do others insist this is a myth?

one be a true christian without accepting that the god of the bible created the world and the same god begat jesus christ to save mankind?.i interpret you as highly critical of naive empiricism but yet at heart an empiricist . i want to get a tattoo of this french phrase 'casse-toi'

does the entire brain pick up on any changes in neural activity by means of reading any change to the em field caused by a localized activity? if you had the ability to go back into the past once in a lifetime for a day, which day will you choose?

if the superfluid dark matter is what ripples when galaxy clusters collide and what waves in a double slit experiment then does this relate gr and qm?is there any rationale of having a figure, like- 'god', for the world we live in? if he/she exists, how far are his/her actions upon us justified?.is there a person in your life infused you with

jupiter's mass is 300 times that of earth, yet surface gravity is only 2.5 times earth's . one slip of a word in spur of the moment spoils the entire day as it results in more arguments . how can i overcome my past traumatic experiences of bad therapy?

with evidence of extraterrestrial beings on/off earth, why do governments deny them? is energy in vacuum real? is it possible that the speed of light isn't in fact a constant but perhaps changes with a correlation to the expansion of the universe?

cnn's kat kinsman would like to meet with anyone throughout time . leading climate scientist jameshansen say that we need to keep carbon in the ground . kinman: i'm not getting concentration but i want to be dedicated in preparing for interviews .

dawn of justice star michaelis maus: "this is me taking control of my life, what the fuck have you done lately?" jason todd/the red hood sent threatening messages like "you let your family die" does superfluid dm ripple when galaxy clusters collide and wave? if energy is created with expansion can infinite of it be created?

selena gomez's latest song - 'come and get it' - is sung by a male voice in spanish . the singer says she is feeling lonely and depressed . 'empathy has not been my friend, but how can i lose it?'

kevin dutton said that there is a psychopath spectrum and everyone has few traits . is this spectrum comprised of only psychopaths? i'm 20 years old and i wanted to know how can i become extremely smart without a college education .

john sutter: i'm a depressed 16 year old who feels completely drained by life . he asks: does superfluid dm ripple when galaxy clusters collide and wave? does this mean that it is infinite or that the potential dark energy that can be created is infinite? what if the universe is infinite then how can it expand?

cnn's nina dos santos asks if big bang is the start of the whole universe . does superfluid dm ripple when galaxy clusters collide and wave in a double slit experiment? does helios a and b probe attain their record setting velocity by 'falling into the sun'?

skeptics should ask: does this mean that it is infinite or that the potential dark energy that can be created is infinite? if energy is created with expansion can infinite of it be created? i'm a talkative person, but i don't know what changed .

a sociopath doesn't usually agree/believe they're like that if accused . "i feel the need to talk to someone, but am not really close to anybody" "i want to get rid of some of my friends because it's stressing me out" "if everyone agreed that an opinion was true who could answer at a certain time?"

before the big bang, the universe was condensed into a tiny point . i'm 22 years old and in a rut. just inactivity and lack of action . could dark matter fill 'empty' space and be displaced by matter?

cnn's richard quest is a mentally healthy young man with acquaintances but few friends . he dreamt that an alien civilization from another galaxy shot microbes into space billions of years ago, which started life on earth . quest: if you had one day to live but commiting strongly against your values extended your life by a day, what would you do?

cnn's john sutter asks: is it normal to be scared of pursuing research when i can easily get a government job? he dreamt that an alien civilization from another galaxy shot microbes into space billions of years ago, which started life on earth . he says it is possible that the big bang was caused by a white hole, and would that contradict the idea that there was no prior space-time 

peter lindgren is a former guitarist for the swedish prog metal band opeth . he says he is not yet satisfied with what he's doing . "i am a risk taker and out of box thinker so i am not still satisfied what i'm now"

are vacuum fluctuations energy in vacuum? are these virtual particles? do we know there's this energy if they didn't exist? i'm pursuing a life goal that is going to take almost 10 years to achieve .

i feel numb and dizzy when someone close to me yells at me . do you believe a god with nothing to gain changed his already perfect existence by creating? i am not good at making decisions, i always rely on other things even for meager situations .

i'm 17 and free from exams in the next 3 months . could you give me some movie or series titles that are idioms or expressions?

i'm full of anger and lost in life lately . i have decided to change my life for the better . what can an individual or a family in egypt do today to prepare and adapt for the coming impacts of climate change?

cnn's nina dos santos asks: what can an individual or a family do to prepare for climate change? does anger stem from socialization or genetics, why is it so extreme? does earth appear as bright on the moon as the moon appears on earth? if more vacuum energy appears with expansion, can infinite of this energy be created?

john sutter: i'm 15 and in high school. which is better, have some friends and work on your career? he says if you could ask god three questions, but not ask if he/she exists, what would they be? why do people resist the thought of a religious mentality, he asks . he writes: "religion as a whole teaches love and compassion"

i'm 16 years old. what am i supposed to do with my life at this age, or what should i have done until now?.is dark/vacuum energy infinite because the expansion of the universe is infinite and more and more of it is created as the universe expands?.do you think robert would have allowed ned to refuse to become hand and stay in winterfell, or would he have eventually forced him

freddie smith: does universe expand because of some energy? if yes, is that energy infinite or at least potentially infinite? did ned stark deserve to die after choosing honor over peace? he asks: does virtual particles and energy in vacuum really exist if we can't observe them? how did cooper (on earth) get the coordinates for nasa?

the big bang theory is more acceptable than all the other universe creation theories . if empty space is a sea of massive photons filling space is it the medium for einstein's gravitational and de broglie's wave-particle duality waves? if more vacuum energy appears with expansion and it has no limit, can infinite of this energy be created?

i'm an albatraoz, a mouse named laurie, is a song by aronchupa . if i were to travel back in time, which year would you go to? and specifically which famous personality would you like to meet?

is dark/vacuum energy infinite because the expansion of the universe is infinite and more and more of it is created as the universe expands?.which side of earth is up and which side is down?.is earth’s orbital path sideways or upside down when observed from another galaxy?

cnn's mike downey says he saw the new episode of the big bang theory . he asks: why is it that most people never live the life they want to live? if you could ask god three questions, but not ask if he/she exists, what would they be? he says iq is such a strong predictor of achievement, how can a person with an average intelligence feel

i'm afraid to be kidnapped and taken somewhere where people force me to do what they want to do . is dark/vacuum energy infinite because the expansion of the universe is infinite? is captain america the worst and the weakest superhero in avengers series?

is dark/vacuum energy infinite because the expansion of the universe is infinite?.is there a link between the indigenous small stature people of the andaman islands and the now extinct dwarf-like homo floresiensis of indonesia?.why don't airlines invest in parachutes for each passenger and a hatch above their heads to eject them out if there is a disaster?

mad men star lisa bloom: can infinite of this energy be created? bloom: in cosmology, the comoving distance of an astronomical object is the same as the physical distance of this object at the present time . she asks: is dark/vacuum energy infinite because the expansion of the universe is infinite . bloom: i'm going to give my presentation among very mischievous group, which often finds fun in everything .

dsm is not based on any known science or statistical data . tests and curiosity indicate i am gifted, but others seem to learn faster than me . if an iq of over 115 was required to vote, would it benefit republicans or democrats in 2016?

cnn's nina dos santos asks if universe expands and vacuum energy is created with it . if so, is there infinite potential energy/infinite vacuum energy that can be created? do you ever get demotivated because of the same routine everyday?

can atheists explain how and why christians have deliverance from demonic possessions? if universe expands and vacuum energy is created with it (with no limit),is there infinite potential energy/infinite vacuum energy that can be created?

19 years is a short time to become a myth between episodes 3 & 4 . if universe expands and vacuum energy is created with it, is there infinite potential energy? if you traveled back in time, where and when would you least like to go considering clothes you are wearing right now?

robert williams hanged himself in naanum rowdy dhaan movie . if universe expands and vacuum energy is created with it, is there infinite potential energy/infinite vacuum energy that can be created? if you discovered there was a god after you died, what would you say to him/her/it?

cnn's john sutter is a 22-year-old college student . he asks: can we break the speed of light? if so, will it create a light boom? what are the topmost things we can do in a new planet without affecting human survival?

lz granderson: you have made the star wars prequels differently . he asks: what is the most probable (most evidence) base structure of the universe or existence? he says if universe expands, is there infinite potential energy/infinite vacuum energy that can be created? granderson says he's not sure if severus snape left baby harry behind after finding the potters dead .

in asoiaf, robb stark tries to turn anakin to the dark side to defeat mace windu . stark: "i am 17 years old. mentally, i feel that i behave like a 10 year old" "if you wake up one day and realise you are prince/princess of your country, how would you react?" "i don't have good sense of humour and good observation power"

cnn's john sutter is completing a mental challenge . he asks if he could ask anyone alive one question that they would answer with complete honesty . is dark matter a sea of massive dark photons that ripple when galaxy clusters collide?

psychopaths and sociopaths don't experience emotions, how do they enjoy life? what, do they do for, fun?.indian men and women who have cheated on their gf/bf/so . i want to start a rehab(non-profit-organization) and help young people addicted to drugs .

the latest issue of dc and marvel comics is out now . john sutter asks: do you believe in the existence of aliens among us or that we have been visited? he says if we found in our galaxy a much more advanced alien civilization .

hawthorne's central symbol in the novel, the scarlet letter, changes meaning throughout the novel . "i have proof that god exists," he asks . he also asks: is tyrion going to fall in love with sansa in season 7/8?

if a modern person, went back a couple of million years, and met an early man, what would they think of you? if psychopaths and sociopaths don't experience emotions, how do they enjoy life? do dark matter ripple when galaxy clusters collide and waves in a double slit experiment relate gr and qm?

cnn's john defterios lists the most powerful beings from the tv side of the marvel cinematic universe . "if you don't leave, i will in life and death," he asks . he also lists personality types and disorders that make a person unable to feel intimacy .

if an object the size of ceres crashed into earth, what would the average global temperature be? what are personality types and disorders that make a person unable to feel intimacy . what are some unique wishes that people would wish for on their anniversary?

in life, you tend to lose your importance in their life . if a movie was made about the life of kfc founder harland sanders, who would be the best actor to portray him? is there a psychological condition where someone pushes away all the people that love them?

anushka kardashian asks: is dark matter a sea of massive dark photons that ripple when galaxy clusters collide and waves in a double slit experiment?.does einstein's gravitational wave and de broglie's wave-particle duality wave waves in the dark matter sea?.what rolling stone song has the lyrics "oh and you know me so well and your time ain'

japanese author samuel edwards has 3 favorite books and 3 favorite movies . he says he's in deep depression and wants to share his feelings with others . the movie "game of thrones" is about danaerys returning to the dothraki sea .

sandip vinayak prabhu is the voice of big boss in the movie the imitation game . he asks: can infinite energy be created? if we evolved from monkeys why are monkeys still here, wouldnt they all be humans? is spacetime curved if it isn't also displaced?

write an essay on wordsworth's concept of poetry as given out in the preface to the lyrical ballads in points . if energy is not conserved in an expanding universe, can infinite energy be created?

marvel characters have undergone significant character developments . tyler durden's "you are all singing, all dancing crap of the world" is a good life advice . can you dream up your own religion?

john avlon: if gone-by time was better and time's traveling is possible, what are you doing living in the actual time? he asks: is it true that 'o.k.' comes from 'zero killed', a phrase used by pilots during wwii after a mission without casualties? if you could wake up tomorrow in the body of someone else, who would you pick and

adam lambert is a 14-year-old college student . he says he has a depressive cycle and wants to get out of it . the dc comics have a complete list of all of their releases .

entire universe could be a super-nano/miniaturization technology based in a lab of an advanced specie . aren't we confined to earth because we are made of earth? if universe stops expanding, would that mean that dark energy becomes 0 or more (infinite) of it could still be created?

if energy is not conserved in an expanding universe, can infinite energy be created?.is it actually that the entire brain intercepts changes to the em field and so simultaneously intercepts any localized neural activities?.if atheism is the lack of belief in gods, what is the term for the belief that there is no god?.how do you avoid using foul language like my dad when i'm in a rage, frustrated, angry

cnn's kelly wallace is looking for advice on how to be a better introvert . she's been asked a few questions about her life so far . wallace's advice: don't be afraid to try new things .

the force awakens did a bad job at showing how badly kylo ren was injured . people with high iq often find other people generally "stupid" or slow . do we have the technology to 'hitch a ride' on a hypervelocity planet or object?

cnn's jim boulden shares his amazon wishlist . if god created universe, then who created god? if you were a mentally dead person, what part of the dead human brain would you want working?

cnn's ireport boot camp asked readers to rate their favorite marvel movies . tell us what you think if you could go back in time and change one thing about your life . do you have a favorite movie? share it with us in the comments below .

lz granderson: i may have serious problems with an inner conflict . he says if you could go back in time and change one event in history, what would it be and why? he asks if god is omniscient, having always known everything he would ever do and not do, can he have free will? lg: if i had to sacrifice the life of one innocent person to save those of many, would

aarathi diya: if you could end all forms of irrationality, how would you do it? he asks: should all atheists ask questions about atheism be advised to read them with theist . he says i'm a shy guy and don't know how to talk to strangers at college .

if you could go back in time and change one thing about your life, what would it be and why? if there were a button that turned every single human into 6'3'' tall, blond/e, nordic whites, would you press it? despite all the credible witness testimony & evidence to the contrary, why do people still believe in god?

mariah carey is regarded as a complete loser by all . if you were guaranteed an honest response to one question, who would you question?

did cersei believe tyrion poisoned joffrey? or had she just got the best excuse yet to have him killed? ‘it is only knowledge produced with difficulty that we truly value’ .

christopher walken impressions: is it possible to recreate dinosaurs or extinct animals from ancient dna? he asks: in which order should one watch all the marvel movies (and tv shows) in order to understand the timeline well? "it is only knowledge produced with difficulty that we truly value"

johnny ball: "discrimination due to age is one of the great tragedies of modern life" jupiter is a gas giant. could you fly a rocket through it and out through the other end? kakapo's brain structure changes as they age . how do you find the meaning of your life when you don't know what your life is all about?

nas raps: "rockefeller died of aids / that was the end of his chapter" he has some insane ideas for new characters and story lines for star wars .

elton john's "i guess that's why they call it the blues" is sung in an american/british accent . if you could go back in time and change one thing about your life, what would it be and why?

old who sucks at everything in life, how can i change that and become legendary? i feel at times that showing a lot of empathy takes my personal space and time . if you could go back in time and change one event in your life, what would it be and why?

spielberg directed so many films dealing with alien life? does he believe life exists beyond our planet? if the standard for objectivity is determined by human beings, does it mean it is subjective?

Topic: Snapchat Account Recovery

Total number of questions: 1751

Total No of tokens in this Topic: 43137

Total No of tokens in summary :4180
Summary: in america most people have a cell phone data plan by the month . in the philippines and many other countries, you buy data by time . will this affect my passport and visa verifications?

i have a birth certificate from my native state in india, but all my other certificates including passport, schooling certificates and address proofs are from another state where i currently live . if a child was born in south korea but the mother was a us citizen, then is the child considered american? if the father didn't want the child to come to the states after the birth would he have the legal right?

i have absconded from genpact and now have to pay 6025 rs . i need to change my credit card details on uber, but the app is not allowing me to delete my card details . isn't browsec so popular when it is very useful in a workplace where some sites are blocked?

i got a scam from a girl in senegal, and now it's a year later and she wants to give me money . i'm a us green card holder and plan to marry a non-us citizen in the us . will the aadhar card be issued to my mother and where should i complain about it?

i've lost my mobile phone with airtel postpaid sim card . i haven't deactivated the sim, and the person who stole my phone is still using my sim . what are some suggestions that would help me out with this issue?

i have lost my indian passport and a valid h1b visa . i need to apply for a passport, as i am going to india vs london . can i get the lost contacts through viber on the new phone?

i came back to india at the age of 1 without an american passport, on my mother's passport . i want to install yelp on my mobile but can't because this app uses location services to operate, and unfortunately, it is not available in my country . should i simply staple it with the entire lot, use a safety pin instead or can it be affixed using a glue?

i'm 3.5 years into my h1b. my employer hasn't started my green card process . can i ask for the correction of personal details in my provident fund id? every aadhaar card has a 12-digit uid number on it .

if i download the game and give the disk back to my friend, can i still play the game on my console? i have no birth certificate, social security card, or id . i need my birth certificate and iid to get a birth certificate . what are the risks of applying for a green card for an f1 visa?

is it fine to say "thank you so much for sending the task. i will get back to you once i get questions?" if i put my iphone's 3g micro-sim (at&t) into an lte at&t phone, will i still get speeds? i have forgotten my facebook password and the number and email that was used in this facebook account are also inactive .

u.s. law prohibits planting a gps tracking device on someone else without their consent . can i invite people/strangers from other facebook groups to join my group? if the phone logo on fb messenger is grey is that means that my friend is on a call?

if the phone logo on fb messenger is grey is that means that my friend is on a call? and when it turn back blue it means that he's done with the call?.my surname is blank in the passport and given name is not . my new name is what i wanted but my old one in the form is incorrect .

i'm 23 and just migrated to the u.s. with my parents . i have a phd, 20 scientific papers, 2 patents, around 200 citations and a lot of work as a reviewer for scientific journals and conferences . what is the meaning of tax rebate? as per the year budget, tax rebate is now 5000 for salary more than 5 lakh.

a friend's facebook account was hacked and the "hacker" changed the email address on the account . how do i get a refund from an turkish airlines when i cancel in advance?

we have marked it as unread or what it shows to sender of message . i can now see "add frnd" optn appearing recently in my frnd's profile . how do i unblock it (it's an axis bank visa debit card)?

a friend sent me a picture and asked me to send it to his fb account . after sending it my account was blocked for 72 hours . can i get a new aadhar card without having any knowledge of the lost one?

cnn's nina dos santos asks how to get a u.s. credit card as a non-resident alien . she says her indian passport doesn't scan because there is a space in her code . do you have a birth certificate in andhra pradesh for those born in 90s?

i'm on my school wifi and there are many blocked sites . i have a gmail address and can't remember the password for my email and twitter account . the only pictures of my son i own are on it .

i want to bring my fiancé to the us to marry but he has overstayed his visa in the uk . i have a tata photon plus dongle for the internet connection. am i the only one suffering from the internet speed going very slow or is this a general problem? i wasted a year stewing over a heartbreak and my life had come to a standstill.

i forgot my password and the email address i used to create my snapchat account . how can i get back my lost 10th & 12th marks card? will they be certified as duplicate?

i forgot my password and the email address i used to create my snapchat account . my samsung galaxy star pro (gt-s7262) phone is not rooted by any software . i want to root my motorola moto g (1st gen xt1033) currently running on 5.0.2 .

i forgot my password and the email address i used to create my snapchat account . i'm 4 years into my h1b, my gc is not yet fully functional . can i change my username on instagram, but i want to save it too?

i forgot my password and the email address i used to create my snapchat account . i'm a software engineer with an h1-b working in a top internet company . can i change my employer and transfer the h-1b to a new employer?

i forgot my password and the email address i used to create my snapchat account . i am still getting free ride promos in inr though i moved to canada, and used uber with a canadian card . how do i change my uber account's country?

i forgot my password and the email address i used to create my snapchat account . can i visit bhutan and nepal without having a passport? if yes, can we file tax return in india for previous years?

samsung galaxy j7 new 2016 has 2 sim and 1 memory card slot . i was born in a home and my birth is not registered in any municipal office . how can i hide my active status on facebook messenger?

pavithran has 2 initials, how should i enter that while applying for a passport online in the first name and last name section? i have a windows 10 original version. if it gets attacked by a virus, i may format it. can i buy bitcoin with a credit card in the us?

i've given i-94 for 6 months entering us. wanted to travel mexico . i deleted my friend on snapchat after a fight . they appear on my added me list but i cant see their score .

one of my friends got selected in h1b but his application is currently in rfe status . i accidentally formatted my genuine windows os. now my laptop does not have any . is it possible to recover the same from a tax website?

i missed taking a copy of my form 16 from my previous employer . is it possible to recover the same from a tax website? i know the email account used for facebook but i forgot my password and the phone number i used is no longer active . i want an sms service for my business .

if we deposit more than 1.5 lacs in ppf in india, the extra amount doesn't earn us any interest nor any tax rebate . can i access the same website on another computer connected with lan with my computer?.does google store custom status messages that we set on gtalk? if yes, will we be able to access it even after clearing the custom messages locally?

i sent a message in whatsapp it has two grey ticks but the recipient has been online . i'm starting a new job but don't have access to my passport or social security card . can i create a text box like facebook status box which has something written inside it?

tax and pf calculated in india? for example, person x is getting 6 lakhs per annum . can i take 2.5 lakh from him and deposit that money to my saving account to avoid tax?

i purchased a product online, but after multiple inquiries and nine months of not receiving it, i requested a refund. it wasn't issued. how do i recover a gmail account when i have the username and password, but don't have the recovery phone number or email or any other information?

i have american and korean citizenship and would like to work in the field of politics . i've forgotten my password for facebook and no primary email and phone is added . how do i get a toll free number to access my account?

i've forgotten my password for facebook and no primary email and phone is added to my account . can i take legal action on the company?.i hold h1-b visa but my application for job denied as i don't hold green card or citizenship . i want to close the passport application which is applied one month back and got -ve from police .

i lost my pan card a year back but i remember my pan number . i can't add, block, or ignore someone, it's just one person and they remain in the added me section of snapchat . does this mean you are still their friend but they are not yours?.if you delete someone on snapchat and they show up under 'added me' does that mean the message didn't get to their device?

at college how can i transfer money from my account to hers?.my instagram is set up with an email i no longer have access to . my friend had a virus that deleted a year's worth of gmail that she needed . i have forgotten my password for facebook and no primary email and phone is added to my account .

in india, if my name is different on my passport and b.tech certificate, will i face any problem while applying for an ms in the us? i have tried almost every rooting app but haven't been able to root it . i've forgotten my password for facebook and no primary email and phone is added to my account .

i sent a message on facebook messenger and it is marked as sent but not delivered. can i delete it without the other person receiving it?.does the samsung galaxy j7 have 2 sim and 1 memory card slots or is the 2nd sim slot being used as a memory card slot?.is there a possibility to make truecrypt bootloader reside on an external drive?.can i burn an audio 

monte carlo simulation is used for the option pricing if the goal is to get close to the price generated by the black-scholes model . why does the usa diverge from the practice of giving free or almost free health care as exists in every other developed country in the world?

i lost my pan card a year back but i remember my pan number . i made a mistake on my passport application (india) i filed the wrong gender . can i reapply for a fresh passport or can it be corrected?

i have failed to collect my passport and got show cause letter . is it possible to make a 3g android phone support a 4g sim card network? i can't connect to my yahoo email account if the recovery email account that i used to create the account has been deleted?

if america is the "world's best country", why are there still people who can barely afford healthcare? can you read a "message request" on facebook before ignoring it? will there be any difference in battery consumption of a dual sim mobile phone?

liberals think adding tens of millions of uninsured is a good idea . can you read a "message request" on facebook before ignoring it? if you ignore it will the sender see it as just "delivered" or "read"

i lost my voter id and unfortunately the fir copy too, is there any way i can apply for verification? if i hacked someone's facebook account, but did not misuse it in anyway, will it still be considered a crime? i have a dlink adsl router and uses mtnl broadband .

google play store is not working properly or it may be due to a weak connection . if the gop repeals the aca as promised in 2016 will health insurance companies raise premiums? if a person is not present at the time of passport police verification.. is there any other way to check it?

i left my job with a multinational company in india without resigning formally . i received a fb messenger notification that someone i am not facebook friends with added me as a messenger contact . will usb 2.0 ports support usb 3.0 portable drives or pen drives? i want to delete an old instagram account but don't know the password .

if i delete my whatsapp account permanently, will my friends still be able to see the messages (from me) on their phones? i have forgotten my yahoo password and my alternate registered yahoo email id is deactivated . i want to limit others in my home from using wifi after 10pm while keeping it running for myself .

i lost my indian pan card, but i remember my pan card number . can anyone elaborately explain the income tax from profits made through minance? if i delete my old facebook account and create a new one, will i still be blocked?

if i delete my whatsapp account permanently, will my friends still be able to see me online? i want to get lingual braces. i work in a government organisation. will the cost of braces be covered in my medical health benefits?

if i delete my whatsapp account permanently, will my friends still be able to see my message? i want to hack the facebook account of one of my friends. is there any paid services available to do so or any software?

if i send a message to someone before i deactivate my facebook account, will they receive my message once my social security number is deactivated? i am an oci card holder with a foreign passport . should i file tax returns? if so what would be the calculation?

i'm unable to register to request my tax transcript online or by mail from irs . if i name my wifi network "fbi van #17," am i breaking the law by impersonating a law enforcement officer? i send a message before i permanently delete my facebook account, will they receive my message once my facebook is permanently gone?

if you renounce your citizenship (i have not) how do you reclaim your citizenship? . if the aadhar status is "under manual check", how long will it take to get a ..will a person be able to see my last active on messenger if i have accepted his/her . chat request but not friend request?.i have entered my phone number into tinder several times but have yet

i'm a foreign national living in philadelphia and working in atlanta . i have changed my present address last month and am in need of a passport . how can i make bootable usb from .usb file? i want to contribute to their initiative to stop farmers' suicides?

my instagram account if i don't remember the email that i used to sign up for the account with?.i messaged someone on facebook and it's been sent, not delivered . the problem is, the person has gone online. what is going on?.what's the best way to get my driver's license number and information if my petition for i_129 (h1b) case was approved on august 6 2013?

ppf (public provident fund) in india? if yes, how do i get my facebook account back if i've changed phone numbers and they still send the code to the other number? is it possible to play pirated games on playstation 4? is there a way to do it without modifying the system?

instagram reset my password and sent a mail to the registered mail @gmal.com and not @gmail.com . i am unable to open my e-aadhaar card even after entering the postal code as password . my h1b petition was approved in 2008 but i never got it stamped .

aadhar status is "under manual check", how long will it take to get the green card? is it possible to play pirated games on playstation 4? if so, is there a way to do it without modifying the system?

internet on the ipad without wifi eliminates the need for a mobile device . i haven't received any communication from icai regarding my revalidation of registration for ipcc . is it possible to play pirated games on playstation 4? if so, is there a way to do it without modifying the system?

can i-140 be approved, go back to origin country, and come back to u.s. after gc? i forgot my password, phone number, and login details of my previous yahoo email account . i have lost my pan card and i also forgot my pan number .

block the sim slot and can be used using jio sim only?.can i use whatsapp on my laptop in chrome browser without number staying active in mobile and without scanning the qr code?.i forgot to cancel my tatkal waiting list ticket. will i get a refund?.how can you recover a lost password for a microsoft onenote notebook section?

i have lost my pan card and i also forgot my pan number. what is the procedure to reissue a pan card?.i made a gmail account on an android phone but i forgot the password . i recently came across a new broadband connection called railwire .

i have a salary account in icici bank and am not using it for last few months . will this account close automatically?.do jio know about 500 and 1000 notes ban? they have invested a lot for free data till dec 31th .

i have lost my pan card and i also forgot my pan number . what is the procedure to reissue a pan card? if it is, when will i get it?

i forgot to cancel my tatkal waiting list ticket. will i get a refund?.how many us citizens are 1st or 2nd generation iberian spanish immigrants . how much technological progress would be needed so that everyone in the u.s. could afford health insurance without reducing computing power?

jio join app wouldn't that be a violation of net neutrality?.i have lost my pan card and i also forgot my pan number. what is the procedure to reissue a pan card?.does sbi replace a debit card after a specific period?

i forgot my gmail username and have no access to my recovery phone number . i was born in england to irish parents who were living there at the time . am i entitled to british citizenship?.what can i do as i haven't received either acceptance or rejection for h1b?

facebook has policies in place to stop behavi?.can any one explain how "book only if confirmed berths allotted" option works in irctc?.i used a fake email and phone number for snapchat and i forgot my password how can i get it back?.is it better to choose a cable tv operator, or one provided by a telecom company?

irctc recovers only 57% of cost of travel on an average . i run a legal social biz private lottery that i would like to move online . how do i know if someone in my home network is using some type of hacking tool?

i forgot my gmail username and have no access to my recovery phone number . i am a green card holder who wants to apply for us citizenship . can anybody tell me how i can get someone's snapchat password?

i forgot my gmail password and have no access to my recovery phone number . is it possible for a u.s. citizen to get a new bank account in the us without applying for their ssn?

what is ao code for a student who is applying for pan card but does not have any source of income? what is the western union limit on money transfer? does it differ depending on where the money is being transferred to?

dual 4g or dual lte just from its specifications?.what is nsh?.when can i apply for an indian passport renewal, it's expiring in april 2016?.i forgot my gmail username and have no access to my recovery phone number?.how do i recover my lost gmail password if i don't have the same number?

i'm a h1b visa holder, can i quit my current job as soon as i accept an offer from another company? is it possible to change its settings without a password? what is meant by rooting or to get root access of your phone?

i lost my pan card and i want a new one with the old pan number . how can i transfer money from my sbi visa debit card to an account in kotak mahindra bank through "online" mode?

with a forgotten gmail password, how do you find an old password when you don't remember the recovery information? will i get a refund of my tatkal wl ticket if i don’t cancel it?.what exactly do officers see when they scan your passport at immigration?

i forgot my gmail password and my recovery gmail phone number is closed .india has asked its embassy in islamabad to send back their children & other relatives . which term life insurance providers in the united states have a record of paying out to beneficiaries without a fight?

i forgot my password for instagram and used a fake email to make my account . can i transfer funds from my bank account (sbi bank) to my friend's bank account through net banking?.after marriage, why do women have to change their surnames to their husband’s? why can’t they keep their maiden ones?.is it possible to borrow money from us banks and deposit in indian banks to gain 3x interest

cnn's patrick collison asks: what visa issues did you have when started companies in the us? can i get my husband's location through his iphone without him knowing that he can see it? is there a free ddns supplier that uses tsig without installing a client on a pc?

if someone blocks me on whatsapp, will i receive the messages they post on the groups we both are in? i forgot my password for instagram and used a fake email to make my account . i have lost my aadhaar enrollment slip & registered mobile number as well .

i forgot my gmail password and my recovery gmail phone number is closed . i'm using whatsapp, but i don't see blue colored double tick after my messages are read. what should i do?

i bought a samsung galaxy note 7 two weeks ago and have had no problems . with both wired (ethernet) and wireless (wi-fi) network connections, which one will windows use, and how can i control it? does icici pockets app (visa card) also use two factor authentication or just cvv based authentication (while doing transaction online)?

i'm a victim of identity theft fraud, how do i get my money back if i know who did it? i can't remember how to send or receive my e-mails (gmails) or even remember how do we get into google?

Topic: Cambodia Earthquake and Historical Battles

Total number of questions: 4468

Total No of tokens in this Topic: 97861

Total No of tokens in summary :8765
Summary: i'm designing an android app which can be used to increase the safety of driving . a liberal democracy has open elections and a libertarian ruler with unlimited power .

saloni kapoor is a reserved category student in aiims delhi . he was shocked to see 67 seats given to the aap in the assembly election . hasn't the time come to change this state of mind? how can we do it?

most of the inspiring success stories carry a certain trend - the neglect for proper/formal education . russia is and has always been so poor, despite having the biggest amounts of natural resources in the world . the first four caliphs after the prophet muhammad are known as the rightly guided caliphes .

harley davidson street 750 is a private car (without a driver) on a monthly rental basis in kolkata . if i was a god, could i drive street view car from munich to moscow, ignoring privacy regulations in germany and border checkpoints in belarus and russia? will it hurt the people from india who are doing their ms and/or phd and

the indian government is banning the rs. 500 & s. 1000 notes but it is coming up with a new one . the iraqi government is also considering a ban on the london olympic stadium . iran's prime minister has vowed to reopen the u.s. embassy in syria .

do factions like isis and the taliban support sharia law that is by all means of reason? will it not cause a generation of black money in the future? will philippines collapse from being second most progressive country in southeast asia?

if world war 3 or any war occurs during 2016, will president obama stay president until the war is over? will it not cause a generation of black money in the future? what are the pros and cons in the various sectors?

what are the pros and cons of banning indian rupees of 500 and 1000 notes? do islam extremists go so far for religion even if it costs them their lives? what is the best way to use a gilt fund and how long does one ideally stay invested in them?

the us is the only developed country with a two-party political system . how do we promote greater diversity by adding more political platforms? what are the best places to visit in kerala in march?

donald trump is surely a smart man. how can he claim to be able to build his wall? when do experts predict isis will attack/terrorize dubai and abu dhabi, two of the wealthiest places on the planet?

donald trump is surely a smart man. how can he claim to be able to build his wall? did the clintons get bernanke to go as far left as possible? will signing various deals help us immediately?

arun shourie's book proves that ambedkar is not the architect of the constitution . pm modi abolished 500 and 1000 rs notes to check black money . is it true that assad is actually the good guy in syria, not the bad guy? if the indian president is lazy, can he be impeached?

a 15-year-old once hacked nasa and caused a 21-day shutdown of their computers . is this true? does anyone know who that person was? what do the words "bring to bear" mean?

do you know of an ngo or organisation in kolkata who has a shelter for vulnerable women and girls? did english people laugh at axl rose for making that controversial "chinese democracy" album? did they feel remorse or tried to help them?

after modi has banned 500/1000 rupee notes in india, what are your views on banning them? how does it affect black money and is it really gonna work and expose all the black money?

what are your views on banning 500 and 1000 rupee notes? how does it affect black money and is it really gonna work and expose all the black money? what are the chances that sirius minerals will get the go ahead to build their polyhalite / potash mine in yorkshire .

after the demonetization of rs 500 and 1000 notes by our pm, what are the ideas you can suggest which will also bring a development to our country? if the scottish vote 'yes' to stay in the uk, should england, wales and northern ireland be able to have a referendum .

what are the 5 things about india that we should be proud of? i'm traveling solo to slovenia in february 2017 for 5 days . what will be the effect of banning 500 & 1000 rs notes on real estate sector in india?

cnn's bhupendra chaubey has a 13 hour layover at gatwick from around 10:30pm-11:40am . on a scale of 1-10 how much did democrats fuck up, how might he become a great president? can we expect sharp fall in prices in short/long term?

if hillary clinton gets elected, we will have had a bush in the executive branch for 36 of 40 years . what will be the effect of banning 500 & 1000 rs notes on real estate sector in india? .what is the best automatic petrol or diesel car in india in 5-10 lac .

i want to vote for hillary clinton but i live in arkansas, a completely red state . should i vote green party so they'll get funding or vote democrat? what will be the effect of banning 500 and 1000 rs notes on real estate sector in india?

donald trump's campaign is orchestrated to help dems (hillary) to the white house . what will be the effect of banning 500 and 1000 rs notes on real estate sector in india? if true, what would be the fallout?

what will be the effect of banning 500 and 1000 rs notes on real estate sector in india? will it help in any way to curb the black money? what is going to be the fate of indian economy if indians stop buying chinese product?

if all 43 u.s. presidents were to run for office in 2016, who would win? who would be best suited to deal with the current issues? what are the strongest arguments for a debate in favour of brain drain in india?

john avlon: if nations a and b are at war, can b attack them? he says if hitler's currency was worthless, how could he turn it around? if a computer security employee hacks their office computer system, should he be appreciated or punished? what is the difference between wholesale price index (wpi) and consumer price index?

if donald trump wins, how will that affect my future in us elections? will it help in any way to curb the black money? what is the exact difference between regular and power petrol beside prices?

the most successful entrepreneurs are graduates of ivy league schools . is it due to better education, connections or a better environment? hillary clinton is a 25 yr old girl planning a trip to europe for 10 days in september .

do you feel paranoid when arabians treat indians with contempt for being ungrateful? is george will correct that trump's refusal to release his tax returns is a result of ties to russian oligarchs? is there any basis for will’s claim?

india is becoming a puppet of the west after the signing of the lemoa pact . modi's decision to ban 500 and 1000 rupees notes will boost india's economy . i'm planning to see billy joel at madison square garden next year . will trump drop out, or will he continue and take the party down with him?

jallikattu banned, pongal removed from mandatory holiday list . is it time for tn to be independent? i am 23 years old and i don't know how to drive .

i'm planning to visit dubai soon . what are the "must-visit" places that can fit a 4-day itinerary? i can't stand trump, but hrc's supporters are even more obnoxious .

cnn's john defterios asks: what are your views on the recent decision of the government to bring new notes of 500 and withdraw the old notes of 100 and 500? what future holds security industry in india, knowing that 99% of companies in india are non compliant? how will cbdr have an effect ahead of the peru climate talks?

john avlon: fallout in terms of finding the next president? he asks: why don't muslims in india move to pakistan or bangladesh and enjoy islamic sharia . he says if trump and pence are killed together before taking office, what would happen next? avatar: i'm a cantonese speaker (i can't

narendra modi's ban on 500 & 1000rs notes will make corruption free india . modi: if you do not obey the u.s. order, you are a dictator . he says demonetization of rs.500 & 1,000 notes can bring black and fake money into the system .

kellyanne conway: is it possible to invoke doctrine of abuse of rights without treaty? she says if u.s. invades russia from the eastern front, like hitler did, is it a bad idea? she asks: is building a wall between the us and mexico, like trump proposes, a good idea?

hillary has a male gender gap because many white men do not support her . this comes after latest 500 & 1000 rupee notes banning . what will happen if people having black money don't return it to bank .

edmonton to auckland drive compares to history of ottawa . trump tweets that because of president obama there will never be another black president . what will happen if people having black money don't return it to bank .

cnn's nina dos santos is planning a 3 days and 3 nights trip to goa in march . do you think the wall is a good and effective solution to illegal immigration? does hillary clinton really want to face trump?

90% of questions and answers on quora about donald trump are posted or answered by clinton's cyber army . will the u.s. initiate a military coup to overthrow the newly democratic philippine president? what will happen if people having black money don't return it to bank, fearing being caught?

india bans all 500 & 1000 notes from this midnight . hillary clinton stated the nuclear response is 4 minutes at the debate . if elected president, what will trump do if he can't keep any of his promises?

after currency devaluation in a country, how is debt handled between individuals? rahul gandhi: "i'm often mistaken as a immigrant due to a speech impairment" what do you think about donald trump's win in the us presidential elections?

ivanka trump never asks chelsea clinton about her dad's treatment of women . rahul gandhi: if he becomes president, will he be a worse president than george w. bush? he asks: is it true that the cab cos like uber and ola are owned by rich politicians?

donald trump said he was mad at hillary clinton for her terrible ads against him . did unclos prevent china from establishing any adiz over their own islands in the south china sea? did mahatma gandhi and nehru conspire against subash chandra bose?

if elected president, should hillary clinton put obama on the bench as a supreme court justice like william howard taft? what reason did colonel parker give elvis for why he shouldn't tour europe?

hillary clinton and donald trump will be elected president of the u.s. if elected, would the other party get the election? hillary is a middle east resident and would like to see a coup on the obama administration .

john avlon: trump says only way he can lose pennsylvania is if clinton cheats . he says if you remove politics, allies, nukes and look at war as a 1-1 mma fight, is there any country that can defeat us? he asks: why did india perform poorly in 2016 olympics but 1992, 1996, 2000? a

what do trump supporters think about the fact that he is going back on many of his campaign promises? should we decide our goals and targets for next olympics to be held in tokyo 2020?

ivanka trump and chelsea clinton have been accused of rape by narendra modi . obama yelled at "chatty cathy" to avoid a potential debate showdown on the topic . what substance is behind their claims? islamist think that they are best and don't preach equality .

john avlon: america's education system is lagging. how would you fix it? he asks: should i go for a pulsar rs200 or honda cbr 150r? why didn't hillary clinton drop out of the 2016 presidential race when bernie sanders is a stronger candidate to beat donald trump?

indian pm modi said a lot of congress strategy about pakistan . is there a gif of the "oh shit" face donald trump made after he said "that makes me smart" for not paying his taxes? is the u.s. recognise the private & black box operated arbitration as an international law?

what were the major contributions of the political leaders during ww1? and how are the compared to the ones during the first sino-japanese civil war? will the recent violence directed at protesters at clinton rallies be covered in a similar fashion as the violence that occurred at trump rallies?

is scrapping old 500 and 1000 rupees notes a permanent solution for eradication of black money? are western media false claiming much to philippines people about achievement to be made by president trip to china? is economic situation in iceland better now than in 2000-2008?

the electoral college has the power to reject trump, or any candidate for that matter . isn't it our civic duty to pick the candidate that will do the best job? hillary clinton labeled as a "liar" by her opposition? what are the major contributions of the political leaders during ww1?

is scrapping old 500 and 1000 rupees notes a permanent solution for eradication of black money? is obama really going to give away control of the internet? will this threaten free speech?

donald trump's company did business in cuba prior to embargo being lifted . will he seek a deal with iran to help with failed us afghanistan policy? will pakistan invite pla to curb terrorists along the projects line? i am confused between suzuki gixxer fi and honda cb hornet 160r special edition .

clinton would consider meeting again with the families of the americans lost in benghazi . is scrapping old 500 and 1000 rupees notes a permanent solution for eradication of black money? would ford cancel plans to build a mexican plant out of fear of trump?

hockey is india's national sport and should any other sport take its position . if trump supporters cause disruptions on nov 8 in democratic areas, can the courts rule the result of the election invalid? does it defeat the purpose of demonetizing 500 and 1000 rupee bill if the government introduces new 500 and 2000 rupee bills?

all classified information by the cia, or would it be too controversial? is scrapping old 500 and 1000 rupees notes a permanent solution for eradication of black money? what are some of the best tackle breaking runs or just best overall runs in nfl history?

after brexit, many voters expressed remorse to find that some of the promises wouldn't be kept . in interstellar, there is an early scene with an "indian surveillance drone" what's the main reason behind 500 & 1000 rs notes getting discontinued in india?

john avlon: there is a conflict of interest for al gore as he serves on the board of apple . he asks: is world war 3 really going to happen soon? avalos: if trump picks ivanka as vp does it prove that his campaign is purely aimed for his personal gain? he says if all 8.7 million americans living abroad vote by absentee

new york daily news calls for donald trump to end his presidential campaign . will continuous revving of a motrocycle till max power and top speed ruin its engine in the long run?

indian government has banned 500 and 1000 notes affecting 80% population with 20% black money . should obama grant hillary clinton a presidential pardon, just as he pardoned marc rich? islamist extremists like isis believe so intensely in their cause, why do they cover their faces?

what's the main reason behind 500 & 1000 rs notes getting discontinued in india? with new chances in currency, how will it help india? if your country went to war against india, which would be the three countries you want to have on your side the most?

cnn's nina dos santos has been away from san francisco for almost two years now . she has a school project israel-palestinian conflics . if hillary clinton passes away between her election and when she is sworn in, she will not be able to do anything .

do you think donald trump may actually be a good president? in 2017, the gujarat elections are going to be conducted . should maharashtra become an independent country seeing its gdp figures? should influence-peddling laws stop presidential spouses from making a fortune off of global contacts made while in office .

india should use balochistan insurgency just as tit for tat maneuver to corner pakistan . why do western countries secretly legalise doping for their athletes to win medals? why didn't philippine ask the un backed courts, instead of private temporary arbitration?

do you think donald trump may actually be a good president? india's prime minister removed 500 and 1000 rupee notes from circulation . will it really cripple corruption the way he says it will? what are the best places for shopping in goa?

the ban on old rs 500 & 1000 notes will create a chaos and harm the economy . will the u.s. japan and australia issue a statement to call australia to accept the legitimacy of arbitration between australia and east timor? will the introduction of new 500 and 2000 denomination currency help/ affect india's economy?

there is speculation that hillary and donald have co-conspired to throw this presidential election . can a two-term former president be a cabinet secretary or run for congress or the senate or be appointed to the supreme court?

aaj tak criticizes bihar government for murder of another bihari jounalist . what would happen if president-elect donald trump suddenly died before being sworn in as president? what are good gifts for a foreign visitor to bring when invited to someone's home in the gambia?

what are the chances that barack obama will again become the president of the united states of america in the election of 2016? what airlines have flights between leeds and ibiza, what safety measures do you need to take into account when traveling to these destinations?

the expiration date for president obama, secretaries clinton and kerry, approaches soon . what was the significance of the battle of somme, and how did this battle compare to hong kong? what is the historical background of cinese workers on australian gold mines?

india lost the 3rd odi (ind vs. sa) at rajkot on 18th october 2015 . trump stated he is a "germaphobe", yet he assaults women, including kissing them on the mouth without asking . how would you implement a digital currency on the internet today?

aap's victory in punjab assembly elections 2017 compared to those during austrian succession . if elected, how will president hillary clinton work with congress to ensure her nomination for a new supreme court justice?

do you think donald trump will win the presidential election? if he does win, what are the chances he will be impeached? what were the major contributions of the political leaders during ww1?

are the contributions of the political leaders during ww1 compared to the ones during the afghanistan war? will india end up having a muslim majority in the future? is there any nano technology gps tracking features in new 500 & 2000 rupee notes?

john avlon: what were the major contributions of the political leaders during ww1? he asks: why did the nazis put the phrase "arbeit macht frei" at the entrances of many of their death camps? why did hitler declare war on us after pearl harbor? what are the negative consequences of qe, is there any? what is the benefit of installing k & n filters over the company air filters?

cnn's nina dos santos asks pakistanis why the u.s. isn't punished for its invasion to iraq . she asks: how effective is modis ban on the 500 and 1000 rupee note? do you think narendra modi's government is going on right track in india?

is it legal for a campaign to work together covertly with dnc to ensure their cadidate has every possible advantage during nominations process? is mr. robot a good representation of real-life hacking and hacking culture?

if donald trump and hillary clinton are historically unpopular in the u.s, how come they won their respective parties nominations? will india end up having a muslim majority in the future? what are the best places for shopping in goa? what is the special thing to pick from?

2016 election in us: how much confidence do you have in the integrity of the elections? "donald trump doubled down on this position at the cnn town hall" "when will the absolute rule of china by the chinese communist party end?" "what is financial fair play used by uefa for the spanish clubs especially real madrid?"

indian government and media banned the australia journalist report on the true india-china war for over 50 years . will it create a chaos and harm the economy? will introduction of new inr 500,1000,2000 curb future black money accumulation by corrupt politician?

donald trump asked all us ambassadors appointed by obama to leave office by january 20th . isn't that unreasonable, and does this make him thin-skinned? what is the longest roller coaster in the united kingdom and how does it compare to china?

what is the longest roller coaster in the uk and how does it compare to the longest in canada? what are good gifts for a foreign visitor to bring when they're invited to someone's home in senegal for the first time?

what is the difference between a boeing and an airbus aircraft, from a pilot's point of view? what hotel would be safe for unmarried couples, without the harassment of police? what are good gifts for a foreign visitor to bring when they're invited to someone's home in argentina?

yamaha r15 vs honda cbr150r: which one is a better bike? what percentage of those accused turned out to be actual communists? what are the best restaurant and hotel review sites in your country?

since hillary clinton is, considered by some, an alleged liar, why do so many people like her? what are good gifts for a foreign visitor to bring when they're invited to someone's home in peru for the first time?

what are good gifts for a foreign visitor to bring when they're invited to someone's home in iraq for the first time? what were the major effects of the cambodia earthquake, and how do these effects compare to the rat islands earthquake in 1965?.what are some ways trump-pence campaign(or the media) used the power of suggestion (hypnosis) on the american people during the 2016 campaign?

andaman's v/s singapore and bali is the smartest choice if you're looking for an adventure tour plus budget . what is the actual mileage of a suzuki gixxer? what are the pros and cons of owning one? if trump becomes president, he said he will overturn the same sex marriage decision .

what is your best guess as to what donald trump will try to get done in his first 100 days as president? what are some interesting reactions of people who you know own black money after the ban on 500 and 1000 rupee notes?

what is the longest roller coaster in the uk and how does it compare to the longest in italy? what are good gifts for a foreign visitor to bring when they're invited to someone's home in syria for the first time?

india is desperate on making peace with pakistan and can't just cut off from it leaving it to itself . is there any country or nation in the present world which has never been occupied and ruled by another country? will tiffany trump's new secret service protection detail make her less popular to party with? what hotel would be safe for unmarried couples, without the harassment of police?

what is the safest train car to sit on average? is it towards the front by the engine or towards the back? is melania trump fair game in debate #2? she lied about graduating from college and may have been kicked out for plagiarism .

do you think donald trump is (was) taking help of illuminati on media, internet or elsewhere for 2016 u.s. presidential election? what hotel in nallamala hills hill-station would be safe for unmarried couples?

john avlon: has obama really done anything useful to america? he asks: is donald trump genuinely racist/sexist/islamophobic, or is he just saying that for attention? what are good gifts for a foreign visitor to bring when they're invited to someone's home in croatia?

what was the significance of the battle of somme, and how did this battle compare to calabria? what are good gifts for a foreign visitor to bring when they're invited to someone's home in afghanistan?

what are good gifts for a foreign visitor to bring when they're invited to someone's home in bhutan for the first time? what hotel in ananthagiri hills hill-station would be safe for unmarried couples, without the harassment of police?

what are good gifts for a foreign visitor to bring when they're invited to someone's home in senegal for the first time? . what is the actual mileage of a suzuki gixxer? what are the pros and cons of owning one? what hotel would be safe for unmarried couples, without the harassment of police, hotel staff, and moral police?

banning 500 and 1000 rupees notes is appreciated but why is the government bringing them again into the market? what are good gifts for a foreign visitor to bring when they're invited to someone's home in paraguay for the first time? what hotel in ananthagiri hills hill-station would be safe for unmarried couples without the harassment of police, hotel staff, and moral police?

five weeks from election, can trump be dismissed as the republican candidate? if so, is there any credible republican challenger to clinton?

what are good gifts for a foreign visitor to bring when they're invited to someone's home in liberia for the first time? what were the major effects of the cambodia earthquake, and how did this battle compare and contrast to the battle of riyadh?

sbi has removed the 3d-secure password scheme and replaced it with the otp (one time password) scheme . what are good gifts for a foreign visitor to bring when they're invited to someone's home in guinea for the first time?

john avlon: we need to watch our votes and double check they are not changed . he asks: what are good gifts for a foreign visitor to bring when they're invited to someone's home? he says philippines president excise their independant foreign policy in the world .

what are good gifts for a foreign visitor to bring when they're invited to someone's home in liberia for the first time? what were the major effects of the cambodia earthquake, and how did these effects compare to the andreanof islands earthquake in 1957? what are the most convenient flights between leeds and ibiza .

is there any country or nation in the present world which has never been occupied and ruled by another country?.does all finesse and hand-to-hand training go out the window in a life and death situation, like raiding trenches or urban warfare?.what hotel in ananthagiri hills hill-station would be safe for unmarried couples, without the harassment of police, hotel staff, and moral police?.how cold can

what was the significance of the battle of somme, and how did this battle compare and contrast to battle of mill? what are good gifts for a foreign visitor to bring when they're invited to someone's home in iraq for the first time?

did this battle compare and contrast to the battle of bataan? what are good gifts for a foreign visitor to bring when they're invited to someone's home in iraq for the first time? what hotel in nandi hills hill-station would be safe for unmarried couples, without the harassment of police and moral police?

what are good gifts for a foreign visitor to bring when they're invited to someone's home in croatia? after demonetization of 500 and 1000 inr notes, will corruption stop, or in 2017?

what are good gifts for a foreign visitor to bring when they're invited to someone's home in jordan for the first time? what are your best guess as to what donald trump will attempt to get done in his first 100 days as president?

what are good gifts for a foreign visitor to bring when they're invited to someone's home in pakistan? what hotel in araku valley hill-station would be safe for unmarried couples . what is the longest roller coaster in the united kingdom and how does it compare to the longest in denmark?

what are good gifts for a foreign visitor to bring when they're invited to someone's home in pakistan for the first time? what is the significance of the battle of somme, and how did this battle compare and contrast to rutterdam? what do you think corruption and black money would spread even faster?

what are good gifts for a foreign visitor to bring when they're invited to someone's home in greece for the first time? what are the implications of the indian government's decision to withdraw all the old 500 and 1000 rupee notes from circulation? what hotel in ananthagiri hills hill-station would be safe for unmarried couples, without the harassment of police?

what are good gifts for a foreign visitor to bring when they're invited to someone's home in mali? what were the major effects of the cambodia earthquake, and how did these effects compare to the banda sea earthquake in 1938? what are some interesting reactions of people who you know own black money after the ban on 500 and 1000 rupee notes?

what is the best used vehicle to tow a 4,000 pound trailer and have at least 120 cubic feet of cargo volume? what are good gifts for a foreign visitor to bring when they're invited to someone's home in kuwait for the first time?

what are good gifts for a foreign visitor to bring when they're invited to someone's home in armenia for the first time?.what hotel in biligiri hills hill-station would be safe for unmarried couples, without the harassment of police, hotel staff, and moral police?.how much money per hour do uber drivers make in jacksonville, fl?

what are good gifts for a foreign visitor to bring when they're invited to someone's home in tajikistan for the first time? what is the safest train car to sit on average? is it towards the front by the engine or towards the back?

what are good gifts for a foreign visitor to bring when they're invited to someone's home in canada for the first time?.what hotel in ananthagiri hills hill-station would be safe for unmarried couples, without the harassment of police, hotel staff, and moral police?.how cold can the gobi desert get, and how do its average temperatures compare to the ones in the great sandy desert?

what are good gifts for a foreign visitor to bring when they're invited to someone's home in italy for the first time? fox news is %100 trump and will not broadcast anything that may hurt his campaign, they dt have fox in his pocket?

what are good gifts for a foreign visitor to bring when they're invited to someone's home in bangladesh? what resorts in renuka lake tourist-spots would be safe for unmarried couples? what are some cafes in tokyo that have a study like environment?

what is the best time to visit kerala and what are the places to visit in a span of 8 days?what are the pros and cons of pulsar rs 200? is it reliable and refined? if trump wins election, electors jump ship and vote for hillary?

the cambodia earthquake and vallenar earthquake were the major effects . what hotel would be safe for unmarried couples, without the harassment of police? what is the deepest lake in europe, and how does it compare to that of lake champlain?

what are the advantages of the decision taken by the government of india to scrap out 500 and 1000 rupees notes? what is the deepest lake in europe, and how does this lake's flora and fauna compare to that of lake hula?

what were the major effects of the cambodia earthquake, and how do these effects compare to the kamchatca earthquakes in 1952? what hotel in ooty hill-station would be safe for unmarried couples, without the harassment of police, hotel staff, and moral police? what are the advantages of the indian prime minister modi's new policy about illegalization of 500 and 1000 rupees notes?

balaji viswanathan: i really don't understand the war in syria. the more i read, the more confused i get . how does the stereotype of sikhs being 'stupid' prevail in india? what is the deepest lake in europe, and how does it compare to the ones in the kalahari desert?

a recent college pass out from an indian college finds in adjusting in the us . how cold can the gobi desert get, and how do its average temperatures compare to the ones in the kalahari desert? what is the best time to visit kerala and what are the places to visit in a span of 8 days?

how does israel justify its occupation of the golan heights and the building of jewish settlements there? how cold can the gobi desert get, and how do its average temperatures compare to the ones in the arabian desert? what hotel in jowai hill-station would be safe for unmarried couples, without harassment .

the drive from edmonton to auckland is described, and how do these cities' attractions compare to those in london . what are the effects of demonetization of rs 500 and rrs 1000 notes on the real estate or property business? what is the connection between the popular vote and the electoral vote?

will be the effect of recent demonetization of rs500 and rrs 1000 notes on the real estate or property business? who do you support- clinton or trump? why do indians follow rules when they are in a foreign country but fail to do so in their own country? how cold can the gobi desert get, and how do its average temperatures compare to the ones in the arabian desert?

how cold can the gobi desert get, and how do its average temperatures compare to the ones in the gibson desert? what hotel in panchgani hill-station would be safe for unmarried couples without the harassment of police? what are the motorbike dynamics difference between mono shock suspension and dual shock suspension?

what were the major effects of the cambodia earthquake, and how do these effects compare to the chile earthquake in 2010? how can the drive from edmonton to auckland be described? how does the deepest lake in europe compare to that of lake superior?

what were the major effects of the cambodia earthquake, and how do these effects compare to the valparaiso earthquake in 1822? what hotel in lachen hill-station would be safe for unmarried couples, without the harassment of police, hotel staff, and moral police? what is the best time to visit kerala and what are the places to visit in a span of 8 days?

indian prime minister modi's new policy about illegalization of 500 and 1000 currency notes . is it true that  2000 currency notes in india are embedded with gps chips? what hotel in madikeri would be safe for unmarried couples, without harassment of police?

what was the major effects of the cambodia earthquake, and how do they compare to the sohei earthquake in 1361? what is the font used on military dog tags and is it available online? i have an untreatable and life-long disabling neurological disease . what is balaji viswanathan's opinion on the indian prime minister modi's new policy about illegalization of 500 and 1000 rupee notes?

narendra modi had time to appreciate cold play concert in mumbai when country is suffering from demonetization . what hotel in nainital hill-station would be safe for unmarried couples, without harassment of police? what is the deepest lake in europe, and how does this lake's flora and fauna compare to that of lake albert?

how cold can the gobi desert get, and how do its average temperatures compare to the ones in the gibson desert? what hotel in ooty hill-station would be safe for unmarried couples, without the harassment of police? what are some places to visit in mumbai, thane, upto kalyan it should include temples, national parks, zoo, historical places etc.

if belgium split in two, would wallonia and flanders become independent states . what can be the reasons for discontinuation of 500 and 1000 rupee notes? if hillary clinton wins the 2016 presidential election, what would she give bernie sanders in the executive branch?

apart from the civic amenities, what would make you visit kerala often? what hotel in yercaud hill-station would be safe for unmarried couples . what is the deepest lake in europe, and how does its flora and fauna compare to those in the colorado plateau?

john avlon: hillary supporters disturbed by her spending on her campaign . he asks: if america did not have its war of independence, would its political scene evolve to resemble canada? he says if war world iii starts before obama is out of office in jan 2017, does that mean he stays president? the drive from edmonton to auckland can be described,

do you agree with trump when he says "democrats have been taking the black and hispanic vote for granted" do you think modi's decision to stop circulation of rs.500 & 1000 notes will impact the indian economy?

despite decades of witch hunting, hrc has never been fired, sued, arrested, prosecuted or convicted of anything . delhi people think about kejriwal, are you really satisfied with governance and his attitude to pm modi?

deepest lake in europe, and how does this lake's flora and fauna compare to that of lake vostok? how cold can the gobi desert get and how do its average temperatures compare to the ones in the gibson desert?

how cold can the gobi desert get, and how do its average temperatures compare to the ones in the colorado plateau? what are your views on narendra modi taking bribe from aditya birla group and sahara . will barrack obama remain as the president of the united states or will he replace by donald trump or hillary clinton?

cvt gear compared to dsg box in reference to honda and polo in indian conditions . do you think donald trump getting elected as the president of the united states will affect the relations of the usa and india? what hotel in ranipuram hill-station would be safe for unmarried couples?

republicans will vote democratic if donald trump is the president of the united states . what percentage of people with hong kong permanent residency are not prc citizens? how did corn for grain become a cash crop in louisiana?

besides army rangers, green berets, and navy seals, what other notable "elite" or specialized groups exist within the u.s. armed forces? how cold can the gobi desert get, and how do its average temperatures compare to the ones in the syrian desert?

how cold can the gobi desert get, and how do its average temperatures compare to the ones in the gibson desert? what hotel in nahan hill-station would be safe for unmarried couples, without the harassment of police . what lesson have you learned from the 2004 presidential election that are useful for other aspects of life?

do hillary clinton's new book, "hard choices," give any new clues as to whether she will run for president in 2016? will donald trump's win in the elections have an impact on indian students applying for a higher education in the us? what is the deepest lake in europe, and how does this lake's flora and fauna compare to that of lake assad?

what were the major effects of the cambodia earthquake, and how do these effects compare to the kamchatca earthquakes in 1952? what is the best time to visit kerala and what are the places to visit in a span of 8 days?

how cold can the gobi desert get, and how do its average temperatures compare to the ones in the karakum desert? what hotel in binsar hill-station would be safe for unmarried couples, without the harassment of police, hotel staff, and moral police? how does islam stimulate intellectual growth and development?

what were the major effects of the cambodia earthquake, and how do these effects compare to the vallenar earthquake in 1922? what hotel in nainital hill-station would be safe for unmarried couples, without the harassment of police, hotel staff, and moral police? what accounts for the lackluster win/loss records of the florida state university football team over the last 8 years or so?

how cold can the gobi desert get, and how do its average temperatures compare to the ones in the arabian desert?did narendra modi's reference to gilgit-baltistan, pok and balochistan indicate a change in india's pakistan policy?

obama has a clear record of divisiveness concerning race and political issues . what are the differences between mandarin and cantonese? what is the deepest lake in europe, and how does this lake's flora and fauna compare to that of lake superior?

after a us president serves two four-year terms, can they run again after four to eight years being out of office? how can the drive from edmonton to auckland be described, and how do these cities' attractions compare to those in victoria? what is the best time to visit kerala and what are the places to visit in a span of 8 days?

what are the advantages of the decision taken by the government of india to scrap out 500 and 1000 rupees notes? what is the deepest lake in europe, and how does this lake's flora and fauna compare to that of lake van? what hotel in gavi hill-station would be safe for unmarried couples, without harassment of police?

major effects of the cambodia earthquake, and how do these effects compare to the tohoku earthquake in 2011? did hillary clinton smear or harass women who claimed they were raped, groped or told to kiss it by her husband? what is the deepest lake in europe and how does this lake's flora and fauna compare?

what is the deepest lake in europe, and how does this lake's flora and fauna compare to that of lake champlain? what hotel in lakkidi hill-station would be safe for unmarried couples, without the harassment of police, hotel staff, and moral police? what are some issues that are right wing in the us but in other developed countries are seen as left wing?

how cold can the gobi desert get, and how do its average temperatures compare to the ones in the karakum desert? what hotel in maibong hill-station would be safe for unmarried couples, without the harassment of police? what is the easiest and most painless way i can commit suicide?

inch harley-davidson engines have compared to the 96 cubic inch engines . how much currency can a country print at a time?

after indian government's decision to demonitize 500 and 1000 rupee notes, what hotel would be safe for unmarried couples without the harassment of police, hotel staff, and moral police? what is the importance of education to the u.s. and how are their views of education different from singapore's?

narendra modi's decision to demonetize 500 and 1000 rupee notes will affect economy . how many chinese did the japanese kill during wwii? a charter schools is a better solution to the failing education system .

hilary clinton: i'm thinking about booking a trip to america, but have never been . she asks: how cold can the gobi desert get, and how do its average temperatures compare to the ones in the sahara? she says sikhs are so brave then why did they end up facing genocide in 1984?

demonetizing 500 and 1000 rupee notes will help curb black money and corruption . will the printing of new currency note like rs 2000 help curb future black money market? what are the pros and cons of charter schools?

cnn's nina dos santos asks what are your views on the indian government's ban of rs 500 and rrs 1000 notes? do tibetans live in shanghai and beijing? are they discriminated against by the chinese government and the ethnic han community?

modi governments decision to demonetize 500 and 1000 rupee notes? how will this affect economy? what hotel in kolkata would be safe for unmarried couples, without the harassment of police, hotel staff, and moral police?

the reason behind india-pakistan partition? was nehru's and jinnah's immoral character responsible for it? what hotel in hubballi would be safe for unmarried couples, without the harassment of police? what is the mechanism to print currency in the country?

demonetizing 500 and 1000 rupee notes will help curb black money and corruption . will real estate and prices of essential goods come down in india after ban? . which scandinavian country is the best to study in regarding food, living and transport expenses .

what do you think about the education system in india? is it good or bad as compared to western countries? what hotel in jabalpur would be safe for unmarried couples, without the harassment of police, hotel staff, and moral police?

what will be the impacts on indian economy after ban on 500 and 1000 rupee notes? what hotel in khalilabad would be safe for unmarried couples? what role did the japanese emperor play during world war ii?

cnn's nina dos santos asks: will narendra modi end wahabi influence that has spawned terrorism by muslims? do you think indian government's decision to scrap 500 and 1000 rupee notes will help curb future black money market? what hotel in ladakh would be safe for unmarried couples, without harassment of police?

what hotel would be safe for unmarried couples, without the harassment of police, hotel staff, and moral police? what car services are available in waterloo, on? how good are they compared to taxis and relative to each other?

after the first us presidential debate between trump and clinton, who do you think has the upper hand and why? what hotel in fatehpur would be safe for unmarried couples, without the harassment of police, hotel staff, and moral police?

modi ji was very positive about the lokpal before coming to power . how will donald trump becoming a president affect indian students?

has india really isolated pakistan globally? if so why is russia still holding a joint military exercise? what is the sahara, and how do the average temperatures there compare to the ones in the great basin desert?

demonetization of 500 and 1000 rupee notes will affect indian economy . will real estate and prices of essential goods come down in india after ban? will u.s. go to war with russia if donald trump wins?

electoral college will vote against trump if hillary wins the popular vote . who is the better candidate for being the president of the united states of america? what hotel in barabanki would be safe for unmarried couples without the harassment of police?

how will indian government's decision to demonetize 500 and 1000 rupee notes affect economy? trump's accusers still sue, and is there a statute of limitations on sexual assault, and does it differ by state? who is going to be most impacted by the decision by indian govt?

demonetization of 500 and 1000 rupee notes will affect indian economy . do you think hillary clinton can win? who would you prefer to win and why?

how cold can the gobi desert get, and how do its average temperatures compare to the ones in the sahara? what hotel in jabalpur would be safe for unmarried couples, without the harassment of police? what is the potential legal fallout against trump in your findings so far?

modi's decision to discontinue rs 500 and 1000 rupee notes will affect economy . rahul chaudhary is not part of indian world cup kabbadi team despite his good performance . how does an ola mini cab earn on average per month from an investor's point of view in bangalore?

if north korea and nazi germany went to war, which side would the us be allies with? what hotel in nepal would be safe for unmarried couples, without harassment of police . where does the water from the great lakes come from, and how does this lakes wildlife compare to lake garda?

modi governments decision to demonetize 500 and 1000 rupee notes? how will this affect economy? what hotel in hyderabad would be safe for unmarried couples?

what will be the pros and cons of replacing 500 and 1000 rupee notes by the indian govt.? what hotel in nepal would be safe for unmarried couples, without the harassment of police, hotel staff, and moral police? what would bill clinton's role be if hillary is elected president?

modi ji was very positive about the lokpal before coming to power . what are your views on modi's decision to demonetize 500 and 1000 rupee notes? what are the chances that the electoral college will vote against trump if hillary wins the popular vote?

your views on the ban of rs 500 and 1000 currencies by the indian government . where does the water from the great lakes come from, and how does this lakes wildlife compare to lake onega? what hotel in sikkim would be safe for unmarried couples, without the harassment of police?

besides the redskins, what are some professional sports teams whose names were previously deemed offensive? do you view the indian government's decision to fight "black money" by scrapping 500 and 1000 rupee notes?

gyanpur hotel would be safe for unmarried couples, without harassment of police . did fdr provoke japan to attack pearl harbor to have an excuse to enter wwii? will the secret service do a better job protecting president trump?

what are your views on the decision of narendra modi to discontinue the use of 500 and 1000 currency notes? what hotel in moradabad would be safe for unmarried couples, without the harassment of police? what will happen to the black money kept in swiss bank after the demonitization of 1000 and 500 rupee notes?

after first us presidential debate between trump and clinton, who do you think has the upper hand? what is the true link between shivaji maharaj and the us-vietnam war? what hotel in sikkim would be safe for unmarried couples?

indian government fights "black money" by scrapping 500 and 1000 rupee notes . will demonetization of these notes help curb black money and corruption? where does the water from the great lakes come from, and how does these lakes wildlife compare to lake constance?

if hillary clinton wins the election, what will she do to defuse the anger and frustration of trump's supporters? what hotel in bhilai would be safe for unmarried couples, without the harassment of police?

john avlon: modi's decision to demonetize 500 and 1000 rupee notes will affect economy . he asks: what hotel in nepal would be safe for unmarried couples, without harassment? he says hillary clinton's enabling of voter fraud and inciting violence at trump rallies affecting independents .

indian government scrapping 500 rupee and 1000 rupee notes to fight 'black money' are indian soldiers sold by ministers on borders three whine at their back like i’ve sold my brain?
